Season chard with 1/2 tsp. salt.
Let sit in a colander 10 minutes.
Squeeze out excess water with your hands.
Transfer to a cutting board and chop.
Finely grind coriander and caraway seeds in spice mill or with mortar and pestle. Finely chop cilantro, dill, and parsley.
Toss chard, ground coriander and caraway seeds, herbs, onions,  breadcrumbs, harissa, pepper, and 1/2 tsp.
salt in a large bowl.
Beat 3 eggs to blend in a small bowl, then stir into chard mixture.
Working 3 Tbsp. at a time, portion chard mixture into round, flat patties (you should have about 25 total).
Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet or plate.
Shape 3 tablespoons of the mixture into round flat patties.
Repeat with the remaining mixture.
Pour oil into a large heavy skillet to a depth of 1/4" and heat over medium until shimmering.
Beat remaining 3 eggs to blend in a medium wide shallow bowl.
Dip each patty into egg, letting excess drip back into bowl.
Working in batches, fry patties until set and a golden brown crust forms, 3–4 minutes per side.
Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate; season with salt.
Serve immediately or at room temperature with yogurt alongside, if using.
Preheat oven to 450°F.
Heat an 8" cast-iron skillet over high.
Pat chorizo and beef dry with paper towels, then press into an even layer in bottom of hot skillet with a spatula.
Cook, undisturbed, until a brown crust begins to form on the bottom, about 6 minutes.
Turn, break into pieces, and continue to cook until cooked through, about 4 minutes.
Add tomato paste, cumin, half of grated onion, half of jalapeño, and 1 1/4 tsp.
salt and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant and well combined, about 1 minute.
Remove from heat and stir in tomatoes, 1 1/2 cups corn, and 1 1/2 cups cheese.
Whisk eggs, butter, 1/3 cup sour cream, and remaining onion in a medium bowl.
Whisk cornmeal, baking powder, and remaining 1/2 tsp.
salt in a small bowl.
Add dry ingredients to butter mixture and stir to combine, then stir in 1/4 cup cheese and remaining 1/2 cup corn.
Dollop cornbread batter over meat mixture, then smooth into an even layer.
Top with remaining jalapeños and 1/4 cup cheese.
Bake cornbread until golden brown, 15–18 minutes.
Serve with sour cream alongside.
Place the pork and veal on a rimmed baking sheet, transfer to the freezer, and chill until crunchy on the exterior but not frozen solid (30 to 60 minutes).
Pour the ale into a shallow baking dish, transfer to the freezer, and chill until the ale is semi-frozen.
In a small bowl, add the salt, sugar, caraway seeds, mustard powder, thyme, ginger, nutmeg, and Cure No. 1 and stir to combine.
Nest a large mixing bowl in a bowl filled with ice.
Grind the meat through the small die (3/16-inch/4-mm) of the grinder into the bowl set in ice.
Once all of the meat has been ground, pour the semi-frozen ale through the grinder, into the bowl, which will help push out any meat remaining in the feed tube or wrapped around the auger.
Add the spice mixture to the meat and stir with your hands until well incorporated; the mixture will look homogenous and will begin sticking to the bowl.
Spoon 2 tbsp of the meat mixture into a nonstick frying pan and spread into a thin patty.
Cook the test patty over low heat until cooked through but not browned.
Taste the sausage for seasoning and adjust as necessary.
Press a sheet of parchment paper or plastic wrap directly on the surface of the meat to prevent oxidation, then cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.
Alternatively, you can vacuum-seal the mixture.
Stuff the sausage into the hog casings and twist into links.
Poach the links in water or lager-style beer until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the sausage registers 145°F/63°C.
The poached sausages can be grilled and then eaten immediately, or chilled fully in an ice bath and refrigerated, or frozen for longer storage.
When you're ready to eat them, grill again or cook in a pan over medium heat until browned and heated through.
Set a steamer basket in a large pot filled with about 1/2" salted water.
Cover pot and bring water to a boil.
Place beans in basket, cover, and steam until just tender, about 3 minutes.
Carefully pull steamer insert out of pot.
Transfer beans to a large colander and run under cold water, then transfer to a plate.
Return steamer basket to pot.
Season shrimp with 1/4 tsp.
salt, then place in steamer basket.
Cover and steam shrimp until pink and opaque, about 3 minutes.
Transfer shrimp to colander and run under cold water until cool to the touch.
Meanwhile, whisk yogurt, mayonnaise, lemon juice, dill, if using, mustard, pepper, and 1/2 tsp.
salt in a medium bowl.
Divide shrimp,beans, romaine leaves, and avocado slices among plates.
Serve with lemon wedges for squeezing over, if using.
Divide mayonnaise mixture among small bowls and serve alongside.
Do Ahead                                        Green beans and shrimp can be steamed and sauce can be made 1 day ahead.
Chill in separate airtight containers.
Toss chicken with cumin, kosher salt, and pepper in a medium bowl.
Heat 1 Tbsp.
oil in a large skillet over high.
Add chicken mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes.
Transfer to a serving bowl.
Meanwhile, heat broiler. Divide cucumbers and tomato among small serving bowls.
Spoon hummus and yogurt into separate serving bowls.
Broil pitas just until warmed, about 2 minutes.
Serve chicken, cucumbers, tomato, hummus, yogurt, and parsley, if using, with lemon wedges, sea salt, and more oil alongside so everyone can assemble their own flatbreads as desired.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high.
Add sausage and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 2 minutes.
Add tomatoes, garlic, and thyme, stir to combine, and cook, pressing down on some of the tomatoes with the back of a wooden spoon to encourage bursting, 2 minutes.
Add broccolini; season with salt and pepper.
Cook, covered, 2 minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in butter until melted.
Divide sausage mixture among plates.
Serve with bread alongside, if desired.
Preheat oven to 450°F. Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface to a 10 1/2" round.
Transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet and chill until ready to use.
Pulse chickpeas, pistachios, oil, garlic, lemon zest, salt, and pepper in a food processor until coarsely chopped, about 15 seconds.
Sprinkle half of cheese over top of dough, leaving a 1/2" border.
Sprinkle three-quarters of chickpea crumble over cheese.
Top with onion, then tomatoes.
Top with remaining cheese and chickpea crumble.
Fold edges of dough over filling, tucking and overlapping slightly as needed.
Using a pastry brush, brush edges of crust with egg wash.
Bake tart until crust is golden brown and tomatoes are roasted and beginning to burst, 16–18 minutes.
Top tart with basil and cut into wedges.
Cupcakes:                                        Preheat the oven to 325°F. Line a 12-cup cupcake pan with paper liners.
In a medium bowl, whisk together 1 1/2 cups of the flour, the baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
In a small saucepan, heat the milk and orange zest over low heat until hot (but not boiling); cool to lukewarm, 4 to 5 minutes.
Stir in the vanilla.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes.
Reduce the speed to medium-low, add the egg and egg whites one at a time, and beat until creamy, 1 to 2 minutes.
Slowly add half the flour mixture, then the milk mixture, then the remaining flour mixture, beating until just blended after each addition.
In a small bowl, toss the cranberries with the remaining 1 tablespoon flour.
Using a silicone spatula, gently fold the cranberries into the batter.
Divide the batter evenly among the liners and bake until the tops are just dry to the touch (some may be slightly golden on the sides before this happens) and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 17 to 19 minutes.
Transfer the pan to a wire rack and cool completely before frosting with orange frosting.
To bake as a cake:                                        Butter two 9-inch round cake pans, line the bottoms with parchment paper cut to fit, and butter the parchment.
Flour the pans, coating the bottom and sides of each pan, then tap out the excess flour.
Divide the batter between the two pans and bake until the tops are dry to the touch, the sides of the cake start to pull away from the pan, and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean (for generally the same amount of time as in the cupcake recipe).
Let cool on a wire rack, then remove each cake from its pan, discard the parchment paper, and set one cake layer on a cake round, frosting turntable, or the final serving platter.
Frost the top of that cake layer with the frosting, stack the second layer on top, and frost the top and sides with the remaining frosting.
To make the orange frosting:                                        In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and salt on medium speed until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes.
Reduce the speed to low, gradually add the confectioners’ sugar, and beat until incorporated.
Increase the speed to medium, add the milk, orange zest and juice, and vanilla and beat until fully blended, 1 to 2 minutes, making sure not to incorporate too much air into the frosting.
Preheat oven to 180°C (350°F).
Place the butter and both the sugars in the bowl of an electric mixer and beat on low speed until just combined.
Increase the speed to medium and beat for 8 minutes or until pale and creamy, scraping down the sides of the bowl.
Add the vanilla, milk and egg and beat for 2 minutes or until light and fluffy.
Sift in the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt and beat until combined.
Add the chocolate and stir to combine.
Roll heaped tablespoons of the mixture into balls and place on lightly greased baking trays lined with non-stick baking paper.
Bake for 12–14 minutes or until golden brown.
Allow to cool on the trays for 5 minutes before transferring onto wire racks to cool.
Divide the tomato, lamb, goat cheese, pomegranate, and chile between serving plates. Drizzle with the salsa verde and sprinkle with basil to serve.
Preheat oven to 400°F.
Mix butter, herbs, 1 tsp.
salt, and 1/2 tsp.
pepper in a small bowl.
Fold parchment sheets in half and use scissors to cut halves into 4 large hearts. Unfold and place parchment hearts open on a work surface.
Spoon 1 Tbsp.
herb butter in the center of one half of each heart, then divide snap peas, tomatoes, and garlic evenly into small piles over butter.
Lay fish over vegetables, then top with 1 Tbsp.
herb butter; season each with 1/8 tsp.
salt and a pinch of pepper.
Fold parchment over and crimp edges tightly to form a sealed packet.
Transfer packets to 2 large rimmed baking sheets, arranging in a single layer.
Bake until just cooked through and a tester inserted through parchment slides through fish easily, about 13 minutes.
Carefully cut open packets (steam will escape).
Top with basil.
Do Ahead                                        Butter can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill.
Fish packets can be assembled 4 hours ahead; chill.
Let sit at room temperature 15 minutes before cooking.
Preheat oven to 450°F.
Toss potatoes with oil, 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/4 tsp.
pepper on a rimmed baking sheet.
Add corn cobs and roast, tossing halfway through, until potatoes are tender and corn is cooked through and beginning to brown, 15–20 minutes.
Meanwhile, mix butter, herbs, and remaining 1 tsp. salt and 1/2 tsp.
pepper in a small bowl.
Whisk barbecue sauce and honey mustard in another small bowl.
Preheat broiler on high and set oven rack about 4" from heat.
Line broiler pan or another rimmed baking sheet with foil.
Using a pastry brush, slather pork chops with about half of barbecue sauce mixture and transfer to prepared pan; reserve remaining barbecue sauce mixture.
Broil pork chops, turning and brushing with remaining barbecue sauce mixture halfway through, until cooked through, about 15 minutes.
Spread each corn cob with 1 Tbsp.
herb butter; serve remaining herb butter alongside.
Top potatoes with Parmesan.
Divide pork chops and potatoes among plates.
Serve with corn alongside.
Preheat oven to 425°F.
Stir cumin, 3 Tbsp.
oil, 1 tsp.
salt, and 1/2 tsp.
pepper in a large bowl.
Add chicken and mushrooms and toss to coat.
Spread on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 165°F, 15–17 minutes.
Meanwhile, juice limes to yield 6 Tbsp. juice. Blend yogurt, 3 Tbsp. lime juice, and 3 Tbsp.
cilantro in a blender until smooth.
Shave carrots with a vegetable peeler lengthwise into ribbons (or use the large holes of a box grater).
Whisk 1 Tbsp.
oil and remaining 3 Tbsp. lime juice, 1/4 tsp.
salt, and 1/4 tsp.
pepper in a large bowl.
Add carrots and mango; toss gently to coat.
Remove baking sheet from oven, arrange spinach over chicken, and continue to roast until spinach is wilted, about 2 minutes.
Transfer chicken to a cutting board, leaving spinach on sheet, and thinly slice.
Arrange tortillas on a work surface. Dividing evenly, layer cheese, chicken, mushrooms, and spinach on one side of each tortilla.
Fold tortillas in half to create half-moons.
Heat 1 1/2 tsp. oil in a large heavy skillet over medium-low until hot.
Cook 2 quesadillas, turning once, until cheese is melted and tortillas are browned, 1–2 minutes per side.
Transfer quesadillas to serving plates, then cook remaining quesadillas with remaining 1 1/2 tsp. oil
.
Sprinkle quesadillas with cilantro leaves and serve with yogurt sauce and carrot-mango slaw alongside.
Do Ahead                                        Chicken and mushrooms can be cooked and yogurt sauce can be made 4 days ahead; cover and chill.
Preheat oven to 425°F.
Stir oil, cumin, 1 tsp.
salt, and 1/2 tsp.
pepper in a large bowl.
Add chicken and toss to coat.
Spread on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 165°F, 15–17 minutes.
Transfer chicken to a cutting board and thinly slice.
Meanwhile, juice 1 lime to yield 3 Tbsp. juice.
Cut remaining lime into wedges.
Whisk peanut sauce, lime juice, and remaining 1/2 tsp.
salt and 1/4 tsp.
pepper in a large bowl.
Cook noodles according to package directions. Drain.
Transfer noodles to another large bowl.
Add 1 1/2 cups peanut sauce mixture, 1/3 cup cilantro, and 1/3 cup peanuts and toss to combine.
Divide noodle mixture among bowls.
Transfer sliced chicken to same large bowl and toss with 2 Tbsp. peanut sauce mixture; arrange in a section over noodles.
Toss cucumbers and 2 Tbsp.
peanut sauce mixture in same large bowl; arrange in another section over noodles.
Toss carrot and 1/4 cup peanut sauce mixture in same large bowl; arrange in another section over noodles.
Toss snap peas and 2 Tbsp.
peanut sauce mixture in same bowl; arrange in another section over noodles.
Serve remaining sauce mixture alongside or reserve for another use.
Top bowls with remaining cilantro and peanuts and serve with lime wedges alongside.
Do Ahead                                        Sauce can be made 2 weeks ahead; transfer to an airtight container and chill.
Chicken can be cooked 4 days ahead; cover and chill.
Preheat oven to 450°F.
Toss chickpeas, mushrooms, curry powder, cumin, 2 Tbsp.
oil, and 3/4 tsp. salt on a rimmed baking sheet.
Divide mushrooms and chickpeas into separate piles and spread in a single layer.
Cut potatoes in half lengthwise.
Rub with 1 Tbsp. oil and 1/2 tsp. salt and transfer cut side down to another rimmed baking sheet.
Roast vegetables and potatoes, rotating pans halfway through and arranging spinach over vegetables during the last 2 minutes of cooking, until chickpeas are golden brown and crisp and potatoes are fork-tender, about 25 minutes.
Meanwhile, juice limes to yield 6 Tbsp. juice. Blend yogurt, 4 Tbsp. lime juice, and 1/2 cup chopped cilantro in a blender until smooth.
Transfer spinach, mushrooms, and chickpeas to separate bowls.
Transfer potatoes to a serving platter.
Using the back of a spoon, gently push down in center of potato halves to create a divot.
Spoon vegetables into divots, then top with yogurt sauce and cilantro leaves.
Do Ahead                                        Potatoes, chickpeas, and mushrooms can be cooked 3 days ahead; store separately, cover, and chill.
Reheat in oven before serving.
Preheat oven to 425°F.
Line a rimmed baking sheet or 13x9" glass or metal baking dish with parchment.
Beat egg in a large bowl with a fork.
Add turkey, panko, scallion, garlic, soy sauce, ginger, and 1/2 tsp.
salt and stir well to combine.
Using your hands, roll mixture into 1" balls, packing firmly (you should have about 30).
Transfer to prepared baking sheet.
Roast meatballs, turning once halfway through, until firm and cooked through and an instant-read thermometer inserted into center of meatball registers 165°F, 15–20 minutes.
Meanwhile, cook snap peas and bell pepper in a medium pot of boiling well-salted water 2 minutes.
Transfer to a colander with a spider, slotted spoon, or tongs, reserving water in pot.
Transfer to a medium bowl.
Return water to a boil and cook noodles according to package directions.
Drain noodles, then transfer to a large bowl and toss with oil.
Option 1: For turkey meatballs, plain noodles, and vegetables:                                        To make plain noodles with no broth, divide noodles among bowls and top with meatballs, snap peas, and bell pepper, or separate into different sections on a plate.
Option 2: For a mild coconut broth noodle bowl:                                        Heat oil in a medium pot over medium.
Add garlic and ginger and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, 30–60 seconds.
Add coconut milk, broth, lime juice, soy sauce, and salt.
Increase heat to medium-high and bring to a simmer.
Cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes, then remove from heat.
Divide noodles among bowls. Ladle broth over and top with meatballs, snap peas, and bell pepper.
Option 3: For a spicy red curry noodle bowl (optional):                                        Whisk curry paste into coconut broth mixture (or keep half of broth “
plain” to make 2 mild bowls, and whisk 2 Tbsp.
curry paste into remaining half to make 2 spicy bowls).
Divide noodles among bowls. Ladle broth over and top with meatballs, snap peas, and bell peppers.
Garnish with lime wedges, basil, scallions, chiles, peanuts, if using.
Do Ahead                                        Meatballs and broth can be made 3 days ahead.
Store separately and chill.
Generously salt a large pot of water (it should taste like the ocean).
Thinly slice half of 1 lemon and add to water along with garlic, thyme, and bay leaves.
Bring to a boil, then let boil at least 3 minutes and up to 10 to infuse water.
Meanwhile, whisk oil, 3 Tbsp.
lemon juice, 4 tsp.
za’atar, and 1 tsp.
salt in a small bowl.
Add corn to boiling water and cook until bright yellow and tender, about 6 minutes.
Transfer to a plate.
Reduce heat to low, gently add salmon, and poach just until cooked through, about 5 minutes.
Transfer to a cutting board with a slotted spoon or spatula and flake into chunks.
Meanwhile, slice corn off cob into a large bowl.
Add tomatoes and onion, then toss with 1/2 cup dressing.
Add flaked salmon to corn mixture and toss very gently just to coat with dressing.
Transfer to a serving platter or divide among plates.
Top with arugula, then drizzle with remaining dressing.
Serve with additional za’atar alongside.
Toss zucchini, vinegar, chopped oregano, and 1/4 cup oil in a medium bowl to combine; season zucchini salsa with salt and pepper.
Set aside.
Prepare a grill for high heat.
Meanwhile, flatten your steak.
Cover a cutting board with a long piece of plastic wrap and set steak on top; fold plastic over steak to cover.
Using the smooth side of a meat mallet, pound steak to about 1/2" thick.
(Don’t hold back; you want it good and roughed up.)
Pat steak dry with paper towels; season generously with salt and rub a bit of oil all over.
Grill until browned, about 2 minutes per side for medium-rare.
(You might not get that much color on this steak because it’s so thin, but you don’t want it to be overcooked.)
Transfer steak to a cutting board and let rest 5–10 minutes.
Cut in half lengthwise with the grain, then slice thinly against the grain.
Arrange steak on a platter and spoon half of reserved salsa along with some juices over steak.
Top with oregano leaves.
Serve remaining salsa alongside.
Do Ahead                                        Zucchini salsa can be made 1 day ahead.
Cover and chill.
In a food processor or blender combine all the dressing ingredients and puree.
Add more oil if
you want a thinner consistency.
Place all the chopped salad ingredients in a large bowl and toss with the dressing.
It’s that easy!
Note                                        If you want to make the salad ahead of time, assemble everything except the avocado and dressing.
Then stir in the avocado at the last minute and toss everything with the dressing.
Variations                                        Try prosciutto instead of bacon.
Or add some feta cheese (and reduce the amount of dressing).
Preheat the oven to 475°F.
Place the chicken thighs on a rimmed baking sheet skin side up.
Scatter the vegetables, shallots, and garlic around the chicken.
Drizzle the olive oil over everything, making sure the vegetables are well coated.
Sprinkle the rosemary, thyme, and salt over the chicken and vegetables.
Place the pan in the oven and bake for 30 to 40 minutes, stirring the vegetables about halfway through cooking.
Chicken should be cooked through (internal temperature of 165°F).
If you like your chicken skin extra crispy, put the pan under the broiler set to high for about 5 minutes.
Variations                                        Any heartier vegetables (butternut squash, parsnips, etc.) would work well with this dish, though we happen to love the ones here.
You could use faster- cooking ones like broccoli or cauliflower or even summer squash— but wait to add them until the chicken is about halfway cooked.
We like our veggies crispy and browned, so keep that in mind.
Pork chops would also work fine here— the cooking time may increase somewhat depending on thickness, and unless you choose particularly fatty chops, you won’t have as much drippings to bathe your vegetables in.
Salsa Ranch Dip                                        Combine all the ingredients in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth.
(If you don’t have a blender or food processor, just stir everything together in a bowl—
the texture will be different but it will still be delicious.)
Burgers and Assembly                                        In a large bowl, combine the ground turkey, cheese, Worcestershire, salt, and pepper.
Mix together with your hands until just combined—you don’t want tough burgers.
Divide the meat mixture into four portions and roll each into a ball.
Place each ball on a large plate and squish it down into a flat patty.
Press your thumb into the center to create a little well.
This will help the burgers keep their flat shape.
Spray the grill with olive oil and heat it to medium heat.
Grill the patties on direct heat for 5 minutes, covered and undisturbed.
Flip once, cover, and grill for another 4 to 6 minutes, until cooked through.
To assemble the burgers, smear the caramelized onions on the bottom half of each roll or bun.
Top with romaine and place a
cooked patty on each.
Add avocado slices and jalapeño rings, if using.
Smear the top halves of the buns with Salsa Ranch Dip, then place them on the burgers and serve.
Combine the rice with 2 cups water and the coconut milk in a saucepan.
Bring to a rapid simmer, then cover and simmer gently until the water is absorbed, about 30 to 35 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a stir- fry pan or a wide skillet.
Add the onion and saute over medium heat until golden.
Add the broccoli, bell pepper, and carrots.
Turn the heat up to medium-high and stir-fry for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the vegetables are just tender-crisp.
Add the tomatoes and pineapple chunks and continue to stir-fry for a minute or two, just until the tomatoes soften slightly.
Stir in the cooked rice, curry powder, and ginger.
Stir gently until all the ingredients are completely combined.
Since about half the can of coconut milk is remaining, if you’d like the mixture to be a bit more moist, add 1/4 cup or so more, but take care not to make the mixture soupy.
Season with salt and red pepper flakes.
Serve at once, passing around crushed nuts to top individual servings, if desired.
Rub the steaks with the oil.
Spread half the rock salt over a tray, top with the steaks and cover with the remaining salt.
Set aside for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile make the spicy ginger sauce: Place the oyster sauce, cooking wine, ginger, chile flakes and sugar in a small bowl and mix until the sugar has dissolved.
Wipe all the salt from the steaks, using paper towel, and sprinkle with pepper.
Preheat a grill pan or barbecue over high heat.
Cook the steaks, turning every 1 minute, for 2–3 minutes each side or until cooked to your liking.
In the last 30 seconds of cooking time, brush the steaks with the spicy ginger sauce and turn to caramelize both sides.
Cover gently with aluminum foil and allow to rest for 5 minutes.
Thinly slice the steaks.
Spread the tortillas with the mayonnaise.
Top with the daikon, steak, kimchi and cilantro to serve.
Preheat the oven to 350°F.
In a cup, mix ground chia seeds with 1/2 cup water and let sit until it forms a gel, about 5 minutes.
In a high-powered blender, combine white beans, pitted dates, banana, half of the thawed strawberries (leaving the other half to be put in the muffins whole), chia seed gel, and vanilla and almond extracts.
Once blended, combine with the dry mixture and stir thoroughly until well combined.
Drain the remaining strawberries and stir in, along with the blueberries and raspberries, so they are evenly distributed throughout.
Line a 12-cup muffin pan with cupcake papers and, using a spoon, scoop in batter.
Bake for 20 to 25 minutes and serve warm.
To make cookies, drop batter by spoonfuls onto a foil-lined cookie sheet and bake for 10 minutes or until lightly browned.
Place the parsley, mint, capers, mustard, lemon rind, lemon juice, oil, salt and pepper in a small food processor.
Process into a coarse paste.
Preheat oven to 180°C (350°F).
Place the sugar and vinegar in a medium jug and mix to combine.
Set aside.
Place the garlic, thyme, oregano and rosemary in the center of a large roasting pan and add the stock.
Place the lamb, skin-side down, on the garlic and herbs.
Sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Top with the vinegar mixture and rub to coat.
Cover the pan tightly with aluminum foil and roast for 2 hours 30 minutes or until the lamb is tender.
Turn the lamb over and roast, uncovered, for a further 30 minutes or until dark golden.
Brush with the pan juices and shred the meat, discarding the bone, to serve.
Preheat the oven to 350°F.
Line a muffin tray with cupcake liners.
Place apple cider, agar agar, cinnamon sticks, cloves and allspice in a small saucepan.
If using agar flakes, let mixture soak for 10 minutes; if using powder, proceed to the next step.
Sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
In a separate bowl, mix together the apple butter, maple syrup, sugar, vegetable oil, apple cider vinegar and vanilla.
Bring the apple cider mixture to a boil, then lower heat to bring it to a low rolling boil, careful not to let it boil over.
Boil for about 15 minutes, until the cider is reduced to 1 1/4 cups and the agar agar is dissolved.
(If the cider hasn’t reduced enough, boil longer.
If it has reduced too much, add extra apple cider to make up for the difference.)
Stir frequently because the agar agar tends to stick to the sides of the pan.
Strain the apple cider and discard the spices.
Let cool to lukewarm, then add the apple cider to the apple butter mixture and mix well.
Add the flour mixture to the wet ingredients in roughly three batches, mixing well after each addition.
Spray the cupcake liners with nonstick cooking spray.
Fill each liner three-quarters full.
Bake for 22 to 25 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean.
Transfer to a cooling rack and let cool completely before frosting.
To assemble:                                        Pipe the buttercream or agave icing onto the cupcakes and sprinkle some cinnamon or cinnamon sugar on top of it.
Use a spoon to drizzle the caramel over the frosting.
It would be cute to stick a cinnamon stick into the frosting if you are feeling fancy-pants.
Spoon the vanilla and chocolate frosting into separate ziplock bags, press out the excess air, and seal. Snip a 1/8 inch corner from the bag with the vanilla frosting and pipe a dot of frosting on 7 adjacent scallops on each ginger cookie to make the tail fan.
Add a piece of candy corn to each dot of frosting, pointed end facing in.
Place the caramel jimmies in a small shallow bowl.
Spread the caramel frosting on top of all the cupcakes, standard and mini, and smooth.
Roll the edge of the standard cupcakes in the jimmies.
Dip the top edge of the mini cupcakes in the jimmies.
Press 1 piece of Indian candy corn into the center of each mini cupcake, flat side down, for the break.
Pipe 2 dots of the vanilla frosting above the break for the eyes and insert 2 brown sunflower seeds, pointed end down.
Cut the red fruit leather into twenty-four 1 1/2 inch long teardrop shapes and lay them over the beak to make the wattle.
Snip a 1/8 inch corner from the bag with the chocolate frosting and pipe names on the flat side of the graham cracker cookies.
Enlarge the hole in the corner of the bag with the chocolate frosting to 1/4 inch.
Using clean scissors, cut the marshmallows in half on the diagonal.
Place 1 marshmallow half, cut side down, near the edge of one of the standard cupcakes, with the tapered end facing the center, to make a support for the tail.
Pipe a dot of chocolate frosting on the tapered end.
Place the tail cookie on the marshmallow, pressing the undecorated edge into the frosting on the marshmallow.
Add the mini cupcake head on top so that half of it is resting on the undecorated edge of the cookie and the other half is pressed lightly into the frosting to secure.
Add the graham cookies at the base of the mini cupcakes, securing with a dot of frosting.
Arrange the turkeys on the table as place cards.
Place 2 candy corns on the table in front of each turkey to make the feet.
Cut the licorice twists into thirty-six 3/4-inch pieces for the pumpkin stems. Tint the vanilla frosting orange with the food coloring. Tint 1/2 cup of the orange frosting a darker shade of orange with more food coloring, and spoon into a ziplock bag.
Press out the excess air, seal the bag, and set aside.
Place the orange decorating sugar in a shallow bowl.
Spread the lighter orange frosting on top of the cupcakes, mounding it slightly.
Starting on the edge, roll the cupcake tops in the sugar to cover completely.
Use a wooden skewer to mark ridges in the top of each cupcake.
Starting in the center or slightly off center, lightly press the skewer down toward the top of the paper liner to create 5 or 6 indentations.
Snip a 1/16-inch corner from the bag with the darker orange frosting and pipe a line in each indentation to make the ribs. Insert a cut green twist for the stem.
Arrange the cupcakes on a serving platter or a cutting board and add the green licorice laces, trimmed to various lengths, for the tendrils.
Preheat the oven to 350°F.
Line 24 muffin cups with paper liners.
Follow the box instructions, putting all the ingredients in a large bowl and using the buttermilk in place of the water specified, using the amount of vegetable oil that is called for, and adding the eggs.
Beat with an electric mixer until moistened, about 30 seconds.
Increase the speed to high and beat until thick, 2 minutes longer.
Spoon half the batter into a ziplock bag.
Snip 1/4 inch corner from the bag and fill the paper liners two-thirds full.
Repeat with the remaining batter.
Bake until golden and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes.
Remove the cupcakes from the baking pans, place on a wire rack, and allow to cool completely.
Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil.
Add the pasta and cook until al dente according to the package directions.
Drain and set aside.
In the same pan, melt the butter over medium-low heat.
Add the flour and mix with a wooden spoon, stirring continuously for about 5 minutes, or until you have a lightly browned paste (this is the roux).
Add 1 cup of the almond milk and whisk well, breaking up any lumps.
Stir in the remaining 2 cups almond milk and increase the heat to medium-high.
Cook, stirring continuously and occasionally scraping the bottom of the pan with the wooden spoon, until the mixture has thickened and coats the spoon with little to no transparency.
Turn off the heat.
Stir in the pasta until it’s covered in the sauce.
Add the cheese and mix until it has melted and is evenly distributed.
Serve with a crunchy green salad.
Preheat the oven to 350°F.
Lightly oil a nonstick baking pan.
Arrange eggplant in a single layer in the pan.
Bake about 20 minutes or until eggplant is flexible enough to roll up easily.
Set aside.
Heat 2 tablespoons water in a large pan, add the bell pepper, onion, carrots, celery, and garlic and sauté until just tender, adding more water if needed.
Add the spinach and VegiZest or other no-salt seasoning blend, and cook until spinach is wilted.
Add the cooked quinoa.
Transfer to a mixing bowl.
Mix in 2-3 tablespoons of the pasta sauce and all of the shredded cheese.
Spread about 1/4 cup of the pasta sauce in a baking pan.
Put some of the vegetable mixture on each eggplant slice, roll up, and place in the pan.
Pour remaining sauce over the eggplant rolls.
Bake for 20 minutes, until heated through.
To make romesco sauce, sauté the onions, garlic, and tomatoes in a little water or white wine until the onions are translucent, add chili powder, and sauté an extra minute.
Put onion mixture in a high-powered blender with the remaining ingredients and puree until smooth.
Serve eggplant with a drizzle of romesco sauce.
Preheat the broiler, with a rack positioned so that the meat will be 3 to 4 inches (7.5 to 10 cm) from the heat.
Line the bottom of a broiler pan with foil for easier clean-up, if you like, then top with the broiler rack.
Put the meat on the broiler rack, lightly coat with the oil, and season with salt and pepper.
Broil the meat for 5 to 7 minutes per side for medium-rare (err on the side of caution with the time; you can always cook it more).
Transfer to a cutting board, sprinkle with salt, and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine the lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, mint, and cilantro.*
Cut the meat against the grain into very thin slices and add to the bowl.
(If the meat is still hot, wait a few minutes until it is warm or it will wilt the lettuce and herbs.)
Drizzle the salad with just enough Chile-Lime Sauce to lightly coat and gently toss together.
Top with the peanuts, if you like.
Make Ahead                                        Prepare to *, then cover and refrigerate the lettuce mixture and the unsliced meat separately for up to 1 day.
The meat can be sliced and added to the salad cold or you can warm it in a 300°F (150°C) oven, if you prefer.
Staggered                                        If the salad will be served within 1 hour or so, cover the lettuce mixture and meat separately and leave them on the counter.
People can help themselves and then toss their individual portions with the dressing.
Preheat the oven to 500°F (260°C), with a rack in the middle position.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat.
Meanwhile, in a 13 by 9-inch (33 by 23-cm) baking dish, stir together the milk, cream, tomatoes, chiles, Cheddar, and mustard.
Season with 1 teaspoon salt and some pepper, then set the tomato mixture aside.
When the water boils, season it generously with salt; it should taste like seawater.
When it returns to a boil, add the pasta, quickly stir to separate the noodles, then cover the pot.
When the water returns to a boil again, uncover and boil the pasta until very al dente, stirring occasionally.
Drain the pasta thoroughly, then pour the noodles on top of the tomato mixture and toss to combine.
Gently “shake” the dish to distribute the ingredients, then top evenly with the Pecorino.*
Bake until bubbling and lightly browned, about 12 minutes.
Let rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving.
Make Ahead                                        Prepare to * without preheating the oven, then keep, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 3 days or in the freezer for up to 1 month.
Bake, covered, at 350°F (175°C) until hot, about 30 to 60 minutes (if frozen), uncovering for the last 10 minutes or so.
Staggered                                        Serve hot or warm.
It will keep, loosely covered, in a 200°F (90°C) oven for up to 2 hours.
In a large skillet or high-sided sauté pan with a lid, heat the oil and butter over medium-high heat until the foam from the butter begins to subside.
Season the chicken generously with salt and pepper, then put it in the pan skin-side down.
Cook—resisting the urge to repeatedly poke, prod, and look underneath—until it doesn't stick to the pan and is golden brown, about 6 minutes.
Flip the chicken over and cook for 5 minutes more.
Transfer to a platter, then pour off all but about 2 tablespoons of the fat from the pan.
Add the sausages and livers (if using) and cook over medium-high heat, stirring often and breaking up the meat, until browned, about 3 minutes.
Reduce the heat to medium and add the onions and, if using, the peppers, celery, garlic, and cayenne.
Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are softened, about 8 minutes.
Add the rice and bay leaf and cook, stirring often, until the rice is lightly toasted, about 2 minutes.*
Add the broth, stir to combine, then add the reserved chicken, skin-side up, and any accumulated juices.
Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, covered, until the chicken is just cooked through and the rice is tender, about 20 minutes (see Tip).
Let the pan sit, covered, for 5 to 10 minutes after taking it off the heat.
Taste the rice and stir in a little more salt and/or pepper, if needed, then sprinkle with parsley or scallions, if you like.
Make Ahead                                        Prepare up to * and refrigerate, covered, for up to 1 day.
Let sit at room temperature for about 20 minutes before continuing with the recipe.
You may need to add a few minutes to the cooking time.
Staggered                                        Serve hot or warm.
It will keep, covered, in a 200°F (90°C) oven, for about 1 hour.
Whisk cinnamon, ginger, allspice, nutmeg, and cloves in a small bowl.
Transfer to an airtight resealable container.
Do Ahead                                        Spice mix can be made 6 months ahead.
Store at room temperature.
Cut the chicken breasts into 1-inch pieces.
Season with salt and pepper.
Melt the butter in a very large skillet over medium-high heat.
Add the chicken, in batches if necessary, and sauté until nicely browned on the outside, but still a bit pink inside, about 4 minutes (the pieces don’t have to be browned on all sides; two sides is fine).
Remove the chicken and set aside on a plate.
Do not clean the pan!
Those brown bits on the bottom of the pan are going to add flavor to the sauce.
Add the garlic to the pan and sauté over medium heat until you can smell it, 30 seconds.
Turn the heat to high, add the chicken broth, and scrape the bottom of the pan to loosen up all of those delicious caramelized bits.
Bring to a simmer, lower to medium heat, and simmer for 5 minutes.
Add the pasta, stir well, and simmer until the pasta starts to soften, about 8 minutes.
Stir in the warm cream and the browned chicken with any juices that have accumulated on the plate.
Cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the pasta is tender, most of the liquid has been absorbed, and the chicken is cooked through, about 4 minutes more.
Stir in the Parmesan until well incorporated, and adjust the seasonings.
Transfer the mixture to a serving bowl and sprinkle with the parsley, if desired.
Serve hot and pass extra Parmesan at the table.
Alfredo Add-Ins When you add the Parmesan in Step 4, you can add any of the following to the pot, alone or in combination; stir over medium heat for another minute or two.
1 tablespoon puréed chipotles in adobo sauce
4 cups sliced mushrooms, sautéed
3 cups lightly cooked tiny broccoli florets
2 tablespoons fresh herbs, such as oregano, thyme, or parsley
Or, you can serve up portions of Chicken Alfredo Pasta for those who like it plain and simple, and add proportionate amounts of any of the add-ins to the pot.
Make Ahead                                        While it's certainly reasonable to thrill over a meal of reheated leftover Alfredo pasta, either warmed on the stovetop or in the microwave, this dish is best when it's made just before serving.
Mix giardiniera into mayonnaise in a small bowl. Thickly spread some giardiniera mixture over the bottom half of each roll.
Top each with tomato slices; season with salt.
Layer on a thick tuft of shredded lettuce; season lettuce with salt, pepper, and a splash of reserved giardiniera brine (about 1 Tbsp. per sandwich).
Drizzle with oil.
Spread both sides of bread slices all the way to the edges with the thinnest layer of mayonnaise possible.
Heat a dry large skillet over medium-low; cook bread until golden, about 3 minutes per side.
Transfer to a plate; let cool.
Spread remaining mayonnaise over both slices of bread.
Top a slice with tomatoes; season generously with salt and pepper.
Arrange eggs over tomatoes; season.
Top with lettuce, close sandwich, and cut in half.
Purée cucumbers, garlic, and 1/2 cup water in a blender until smooth.
Add arugula, herbs, vinegar, and a large pinch of salt and purée, stopping to scrape down the sides of the blender as needed, until very smooth.
With the motor running, slowly stream in oil; blend until emulsified.
(The mixture will turn pale green and look creamy, almost like a salad dressing; add more oil and/or water if needed.)
Taste gazpacho and season with more salt and vinegar as desired—you want it to be borderline too salty and acidic at room temperature.
Transfer gazpacho to an airtight container; cover and chill until very cold, 4–12 hours.
Taste gazpacho and adjust with a little more salt and/or vinegar as needed just before pouring into chilled glasses.
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Toast pistachios on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 6–8 minutes.
Let cool, then chop.
Arrange tomatoes on a plate; season lightly with salt and pepper.
Mix vinaigrette, 1/4 cup parsley, and two-thirds of pistachios in a small bowl.
Drizzle over tomatoes.
Top with feta, parsley leaves, and remaining pistachios.
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes.
Let cool; crush with the flat side of a chef’s knife.
Arrange radishes on a plate.
Lightly season with salt and pepper and drizzle vinaigrette over; top with walnuts and mint.
Whisk vinaigrette and yogurt in a large bowl.
Add greens, dill, and sesame seeds and toss to coat; season salad with salt and pepper.
Very thinly slice beets, cucumbers, and radish on a mandoline or with a knife. Arrange slices on a platter.
Scatter cheese on top. Finely grate some lemon zest over salad, then slice open lemon and squeeze on some juice.
Drizzle with oil; season with salt and pepper.
Remove grate and prepare a charcoal grill for medium heat (coals should be covered with ash and glowing red with no black remaining).
Place eggplants directly on coals and cook, turning occasionally, until skins are completely charred and flesh is collapsed, 15–20 minutes.
Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet and let cool.
(Or, you can grill on the grate of a gas or charcoal grill over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, 20–25 minutes.)
Split eggplants lengthwise and scoop flesh from skin into a medium bowl (it’s okay if bits of charred skin get in there too).
Mash eggplant with a fork to break up, then mix in garlic, yogurt, chopped mint, red pepper flakes, and 2 Tbsp.
oil; season with salt.
To serve, drizzle dip with more oil and top with mint leaves.
Do Ahead                                        Dip can be made 1 day ahead.
Cover and chill.
Toss cherry tomatoes with 1 Tbsp.
oil in a small bowl; season with salt.
Arrange tomato slices on a platter, slightly overlapping; season generously with salt. Arrange mozzarella over tomatoes; lightly season mozzarella with salt.
Spoon cherry tomatoes over salad and drizzle with 6 Tbsp.
oil; season with pepper.
Let stand 30 minutes to let flavors meld and release juices from tomatoes and mozzarella.
Top salad with basil and additional salt and oil, if desired.
Serve with bread alongside.
Preheat the oven to 300°F / 180°C.
Spread the nuts out in a single layer on a baking sheet and toast until fragrant and slightly darker in color, 20 to 30 minutes.
A good way to check if they are ready is to bite one in half and check the color in the center—instead of white or cream colored, it should be golden.
Remove from the oven.
If using hazelnuts, rub them together to remove their bitter skins.
Let cool completely.
Transfer the nuts to a food processor and blend on the high setting until finely ground to a powder, 1 to 2 minutes.
Stop to scrape down the sides of the container.
Continue to process until the oils start to be released and a smooth, creamy, runny paste is formed, 1 to 2 minutes.
(Times vary depending on your machine, but it will work!
Just keep blending; there’s no need to add any oil.)
Transfer the nut butter to an airtight glass container and store in the refrigerator.
It will keep for 1 month.
1. Combine the brine ingredients in a large pot.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, partially covered, until sugar and salt dissolve.
Cool to room temperature.
2. Rinse the turkey breast, discarding excess fat.
Place in a deep bowl or pot, breast-side down. Pour
the brine over the breast and refrigerate, loosely covered, overnight.
3. Preheat oven to 350°F.
Remove the turkey from the brine 30 minutes before roasting.
Line a shallow roasting pan with long pieces of heavy-duty aluminum foil.
4. Place turkey in the pan.
Brush with 4 tablespoons of melted butter; season with pepper.
Gather foil loosely on top and bake for 1 1/2 hours.
Open the foil and bake for 2 1/4 hours more, basting every 30 minutes with broth and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, until the turkey is golden brown and a meat thermometer inserted in the thickest part reads 165°F and the juices run clear.
Transfer the breast to a cutting board; let rest for 15 minutes before carving.
Reserve pan juices for gravy .
For the cocktail:                                        Bring berries, sugar, and 1/2 cup water to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium-low heat.
Remove from heat and let steep 15 minutes.
Strain syrup through a fine-mesh sieve into a pitcher.
Add vodka, lemon juice, rose water, and 5 cups water and stir to combine.
Divide cocktail among ice-filled glasses.
For the ice cube garnish:                                        If using, fill 2 ice cube trays one-quarter full with water.
Add berries and roses to your liking.
Freeze until beginning to set, about 1 hour.
Fill ice cube trays the rest of the way with water and freeze until solid, 3–4 hours.
Do Ahead                                        Berry syrup can be made 3 days ahead.
Cover and chill.
Ice cubes can be made 1 month ahead.
Keep frozen.
Whisk cornstarch, pepper, and 1 1/2 tsp.
salt in a large bowl.
Pat chicken dry and cut into 1" chunks.
Add to cornstarch mixture and toss to coat.
Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in a large nonstick skillet over high.
Add half of chicken and cook, turning occasionally, until chicken is cooked through and a light brown crust forms, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, stir vinegar, honey, pineapple juice, ketchup, soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic, and remaining 1/4 tsp.
salt in a medium bowl.
Transfer cooked chicken to a plate or bowl.
Heat remaining 2 Tbsp.
oil in skillet and cook remaining chicken, turning occasionally, 3 minutes.
Add onion and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened and chicken is cooked through, about 2 minutes more.
Add sauce to skillet along with pineapple chunks and first batch of chicken.
Toss well to coat in sauce and continue to cook until sauce is reduced and thickened, 1–2 minutes more.
Divide chicken mixture among plates and top with scallion.
Serve with rice alongside.
In a shallow bowl, dissolve the salt in 1 cup water.
Dip your hands into the salted water, then grab 1/4 cup of the rice.
Using your hands, shape the rice into a small, fat triangle, then use your thumb to create an indentation in the center.
Place a teaspoonful of the salmon in the hollow, dampen your hands lightly again, and pat the rice over the hollow to encase the salmon.
Repeat to create 3 more rice balls.
Dry your hands thoroughly.
With the pointed end of the rice triangle facing the ceiling, wrap the nori around the bottom of each triangle, leaving the point showing between the open ends of the nori.
Eat right away, or pack in your lunch box for later.
Variations: Yaki Onigiri (Grilled Rice Balls):
These rice balls have no filling or nori.
Instead, once compactly formed, they are brushed with soy or miso and broiled until they are crispy and chewy on the outside and soft on the inside.
As they are broiling (or grilling), evenly drizzle both sides of each triangle with 1 teaspoon soy sauce or brush with 1 teaspoon white miso.
Broil, turning once, until both sides are very browned. Do not allow them to burn; especially watch the miso, which can burn quickly.
These onigiri are delicious hot.
Heat butter and honey in a small saucepan over medium or in a microwave-safe bowl, stirring occasionally, until butter is melted.
Pulse graham crackers in a food processor until fine crumbs form.
With the motor running, drizzle in butter-honey mixture and process until well combined.
Transfer mixture to a medium bowl.
Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat cream cheese in a large bowl until creamy, about 3 minutes.
Add condensed milk and cocoa powder and beat until smooth.
Using a whisk or electric mixer on medium-high speed, whip cream in another medium bowl to stiff peaks.
Gently fold into cocoa powder mixture.
Line muffin pan with paper liners.
Pour cocoa powder mixture into a pastry bag or plastic bag with the corner snipped off and pipe evenly into muffin cups.
Top each with 1 1/2 Tbsp.
cracker crumb mixture, breaking up crumbs to completely cover, then press down gently to adhere.
Freeze until set, at least 3 hours.
Heat corn syrup, sugar, and 1/4 cup water in a small saucepan over low until sugar is melted.
Increase heat to medium and cook until an instant-read thermometer registers 240˚F, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, using electric mixer on medium-high speed (or a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment), beat egg whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl until soft peaks form.
Reduce mixer speed to low and carefully add sugar syrup to egg whites in a slow and steady stream.
Increase speed to high and beat until mixture is light, glossy, and fluffy, 6–8 minutes.
Remove pies from molds, turn upside down, and remove paper liners.
Dollop each pie with meringue.
Using kitchen torch, carefully torch fluff.
Serve immediately or return to freezer until ready to serve.
Do Ahead                                        Pies (without topping) can be made 2 weeks ahead; cover and freeze.
Pies (with topping) can be made 5 days ahead; keep frozen.
In a microwave-safe bowl, spoon in the vegan butter and melt in an 850W microwave for 30 seconds.
Stir in the brown sugar, vanilla extract, pecan nuts, and plain flour into the melted vegan butter to form a dough, then stir through the chocolate chips.
Spoon the mixture as a single cookie onto a microwave-safe plate, then microwave for 1 minute 30 seconds until cooked.
Bring cherries, currants, and sugar to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat.
Cook until fruit is tender and juices are thick enough to coat a spoon, 8–12 minutes.
(Fish out lemon zest if using.)
Mix yogurt, honey, and salt in a small bowl.
Scoop into bowls; top with compote.
Toss cucumbers with a few generous pinches of salt in a small bowl; firmly squeeze several times with your hands to release excess water. Drain.
Mix cucumbers, yogurt, oil, lemon juice, and garlic in a medium bowl; season with salt.
Let sit at room temperature until tzatziki tastes garlicky, 15–20 minutes; discard garlic.
Stir in mint just before serving.
Do Ahead                                        Tzatziki (without mint) can be made 3 days ahead.
Cover and chill.
Combine vinegar, fish sauce, sugar, and 3 Tbsp.
water in a jar, screw on lid, and shake vigorously until all sugar is dissolved.
Add blackberries and press down to submerge in liquid.
Seal jar and chill at least 4 hours.
Do Ahead                                        Blackberries can be pickled 1 month ahead.
Keep chilled
Toss strawberries and sugar in a large bowl and let sit until berries start to release their juices, 25–30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 185°F (or the lowest possible setting, which may be 200°F).
Spread out berries on a rimmed baking sheet lined with a nonstick baking mat and bake, rotating baking sheet about every 30 minutes, until berries are darkened in color and dried out around the edges but still slightly juicy in the center, 3–3 1/2 hours.
Let cool on baking sheet.
Do Ahead                                        Berries can be dried 1 week ahead.
Cover and chill.
Halve both onions through root end.
Using the tip of your knife, cut a V-shaped notch around root to remove it (this will ensure that all slices separate when you cut the onion).
Place 1 onion half on your cutting board so root end is facing you, then thinly slice onion lengthwise, starting at one side and working all the way to the other (so your knife runs through the root halfway through, not starting or ending at the root end).
You’re going for slices that are 1/4"–1/8" thick.
Repeat same slicing procedure for remaining onion halves.
It’s a lot of onion!
But it will cook down quite a bit, so it’s best to start with a large quantity.
Heat 2 Tbsp. butter in a large saucepan over medium until melted and sizzling.
You can use a skillet to cook the onions, but a pan with high sides will keep the onions from flipping out onto your stove.
Using a pan that also has a wide base gives water room to evaporate, allowing the onions to caramelize rather than steam.
Instead of dumping in all of the onions at once, which would fill the pot and make it hard to stir (which would then cause the ones on the bottom to cook faster), start by adding just a couple of large handfuls to the pot.
Cook, stirring, until onions are soft and starting to turn translucent, 1–2 minutes.
Stir in a few more handfuls of onion and repeat cooking and stirring process until you’ve added all the onions.
Season with a pinch of salt.
Reduce heat to medium-low and continue to cook onions, stirring every few minutes to prevent them from sticking and coloring too much in any one place, until blonde-colored, 15–20 minutes.
This is the point of doneness for French onion soup!
If you feel like onions are getting too brown around the edges or they’re sticking, reduce your heat a bit.
If you’re going for onions that are both softer and more caramelized (say for a patty melt or onion dip), keep cooking, stirring on the regular, until onions are unmistakably golden brown, another 15–20 minutes.
Because most of the water has cooked off at this point, there might be some bare spots where the pot could start to burn.
If this happens, stir in a splash of broth or water.
The liquid will dissolve the cooked-on bits, which the onions will re-absorb.
For extra-dark onions, the kind that make a great burger topping, cook until they start to almost blacken around the edges and go slightly crisp, another 10–15 minutes.
This requires constant attention so they don’t burn.
No one said caramelized onions were quick!
Let onions cool in the saucepan, then use or transfer to an airtight container and chill.
They will keep up to 1 week.
Whisk oil and lemon juice in a small bowl or shake in a resealable jar to emulsify; season with salt and pepper.
Preheat oven to 300°F.
Toss almonds with oil on a small rimmed baking sheet; season with salt.
Roast, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 10–12 minutes.
Let cool, then chop.
Meanwhile, rinse rice in several changes of water until water runs clear.
Bring rice, lemon zest, and 1 1/2 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan; season with salt.
Reduce heat, cover pan, and simmer until rice is tender, 18–20 minutes.
Remove from heat, uncover, and scatter apricots over rice.
Cover; let sit 10 minutes.
Fluff rice with a fork, then mix in almonds, parsley, and lemon juice.
Taste and season with more salt if needed.
Fold eggs, vegetables, grains, cheese, and herbs in a medium bowl with a rubber spatula; season with salt and pepper.
Heat 1 Tbsp.
oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium.
Cook egg mixture until edges are set, about 30 seconds.
Use spatula to agitate eggs by scraping bottom of skillet in a small circular motion and bringing edges toward center of pan to form large curds, then let mixture sit undisturbed until edges are set again, about 1 minute.
Reduce heat to low and continue cooking, tilting skillet and lifting edges up with spatula to allow uncooked egg to flow underneath and around sides, until surface is wet but center is mostly set when you shake the pan, about 5 minutes.
Place a large plate over skillet and invert frittata onto plate.
Place skillet back over medium heat and add remaining 1 Tbsp. oil.
Slide frittata back into skillet; reduce heat to low.
Cook until set, about 3 minutes.
Let frittata cool in skillet 5 minutes.
Invert frittata onto a cutting board; season with salt and pepper.
Cut into wedges.
Do Ahead                                        Frittata can be made 1 day ahead.
Cover and chill.
Bring to room temperature before serving.
Pound chicken between 2 sheets of plastic wrap to 1/4" thick; season with salt and pepper.
Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in large skillet over high.
Carefully place 1 chicken breast in skillet (laying it away from you) and cook until golden brown and nearly cooked through, about 3 minutes.
Turn and cook until cooked through, about 1 minute (second side will not brown).
Transfer to a large plate.
Repeat with 1 Tbsp.
oil and remaining cutlet.
Let the cutlets rest while you make the slaw.
Toss cabbage, onion, and red pepper flakes in a medium bowl; season with salt.
Drizzle in vinegar and remaining 3 Tbsp.
oil and toss again.
Top cutlets with slaw.
Combine potatoes, 1/4 cup Zatarain's, several large pinches of salt, and 5 quarts water in a large stockpot.
Cut 1 lemon in half crosswise and squeeze juice into pot, then toss in halves.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, uncovered, until potatoes are fork-tender, 20–25 minutes.
Add corn to pot; increase heat to high and bring liquid back to a boil.
Add shrimp, cover pot, and turn off heat.
Poach shrimp until just cooked through, about 2 minutes.
Immediately pour entire contents of pot into a large colander to drain, then spread out corn, potatoes, and shrimp on a large rimmed baking sheet or sheets of newspaper; discard lemon halves.
Sprinkle with more Zatarain's and drizzle with oil.
Cut remaining lemon into wedges and serve alongside for squeezing over.
Prepare a grill for medium heat; oil grates. Finely grate 1 tsp.
lemon zest directly onto halibut and lightly drizzle with oil; season with salt and pepper.
Grill halibut, turning once, until browned on both sides and just opaque in the center, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine tomatoes, hearts of palm, and 1/4 cup oil in a medium bowl; squeeze in 2 Tbsp. juice from lemon and toss to combine.
Season with salt and pepper.
Toss basil into tomato salad.
Serve halibut with tomatoes and dressing spooned over.
Trim cilantro at the point where it becomes more stem-y than leafy; set leaves with tender stems aside for serving.
Coarsely chop about 1/2 cup worth of stems and place in a blender along with tomatillos, pickled jalapeños, and pickling liquid.
Purée until smooth; taste and season sauce with salt and more pickling liquid if desired.
Heat oil in a large cast-iron skillet over high.
Transfer fish to a cutting board and pat dry thoroughly with paper towels.
With a sharp knife, make slashes crosswise on a diagonal along the body of the fish every 2" on both sides, cutting all the way down to the bone.
Season fish generously inside and out with salt.
When the oil is hot—
it should be shimmering, and when you drop a small piece of tortilla into the oil it should begin sizzling immediately—grip the fish firmly by the tail and carefully lower, head first, into skillet, making sure to lay it down away from you.
(If the tail sticks out of the pan a bit, it’s not a huge deal.
) Fry until flesh on bottom side is cooked through and skin is deeply browned and crisp, about 4 minutes.
While the fish is frying, use a metal spoon to baste the inside of the fish’s head with a bit of hot oil periodically.
Use tongs and a fish spatula to carefully turn fish over.
Fry until flesh on second side is cooked through and skin is deeply browned and crisp, about 4 minutes.
Transfer to a wire rack and season both sides with more salt.
Pour tomatillo sauce onto a rimmed platter and gently place fish on top.
Tuck reserved cilantro into the cavity between the fish’s head and body and around the fish.
Serve with tortillas.
Wash the maple leaves with warm water and pat dry on paper towels.
Line several cookie sheets with wax paper.
Place the orange candy, green candy, and milk chocolate melting wafers into separate microwavable bowls.
Microwave each bowl separately, stirring occasionally, until the candy is smooth, about 1 minute.
Using a small, clean craft brush or your fingertip, paint spots in the 3 different colors of melted candy in an even layer (not too thin) over the top side of each leaf.
While the candy is still wet, swirl the colors slightly to blend.
Place the leaf on one of the cookie sheets, coated side up.
Repeat with the remaining leaves.
If the candy becomes too thick, reheat in the microwave for several seconds, stirring frequently.
Place the cookie sheets in the refrigerator until the candy is set, about 5 minutes.
Carefully peel the leaves from the hardened candy.
They come off surprisingly easily.
Use a toothpick or clean tweezers to remove any small pieces of leaf that may remain.
(The leaves and other candy pieces can be made up to 5 days in advance, covered, and kept in a cool dry place.)
Line a cookie sheet with wax paper.
Spoon the remaining milk chocolate into a small bowl to use for the acorn tops.
Soften 4 or 5 caramels at a time in the microwave for 3 to 4 seconds.
Roll each caramel into an acorn (egg) shape.
Place the chocolate jimmies in a small shallow bowl.
Reheat the milk chocolate in the microwave, stirring often, until smooth, about 10 seconds.
Dip the large end of an acorn caramel into the melted chocolate to cover about 1/4 inch.
Allow any excess chocolate to drip off.
While the acorn is still wet, dip the chocolate end into the jimmies to coat.
Transfer to the cookie sheet.
Repeat with the remaining acorns.
Refrigerate until set, about 5 minutes.
Spoon 1/4 cup of the chocolate frosting into a ziplock bag, press out the excess air, and seal.
Spread the tops of the cupcakes with the remaining chocolate frosting and smooth. Arrange the cupcakes in pairs to make a circle on a large platter.
Gently press the leaves into the frosting on the cupcakes, overlapping them.
The leaves on the edge of the right half of the wreath will sweep to the right, while those on the left half will sweep to the left.
Place the acorns randomly over the cupcakes.
Snip a 1/8-inch corner from the bag with the chocolate frosting and pipe a dot of frosting at the top of each acorn to make a stem.
Cook peaches in a large pot of boiling water 1 minute, then submerge in ice water.
Slip off skins.
Slice into 1/4" wedges.
Bring peaches and 3 cups ginger beer to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until peaches are fork-tender, about 5 minutes.
Let cool completely.
To assemble floats, divide peaches among tall glasses and pour 1 Tbsp. poaching liquid over each; reserve remaining poaching liquid for another use.
Top with 2 scoops of ice cream, then pour remaining 3 cups ginger beer over.
Serve with spoons and straws.
Do Ahead                                        Peaches can be poached up to 3 days ahead.
Transfer to an airtight container and chill.
Trim tops off zucchini.
Using a mandoline or vegetable peeler, thinly slice lengthwise into wide ribbons; set aside.
Whisk cornmeal, garlic powder, black pepper, paprika, and 1 tsp.
salt in a wide shallow bowl.
Whisk eggs, 1 Tbsp.
mustard, and 2 Tbsp.
water in another wide shallow bowl.
Season cutlets on both sides with 1/2 tsp. salt. Dip each in egg mixture, letting excess drip back into bowl, then in cornmeal mixture, shaking off excess.
Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high until shimmering.
Working in 2 batches and adding more oil if needed, cook cutlets, shaking pan occasionally, until golden brown and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side.
Transfer to a paper-towel lined plate.
Meanwhile, whisk olive oil, lemon juice, red pepper, and remaining 1 tsp.
mustard and 1/8 tsp.
salt in a large bowl.
Add reserved zucchini ribbons and toss gently with your hands until ribbons are evenly coated with dressing.
Add mint, cashews, and ricotta salata and toss just to combine.
Transfer cutlets to a platter.
Serve with zucchini salad alongside.
Blend peanut butter, vinegar, soy, sesame oil, honey, and 3/4 cup warm water in a blender until smooth.
Add salt to taste, if desired.
Do Ahead                                        Sauce can be made 2 weeks ahead.
Transfer to an airtight container and chill.
Preheat oven to 375°F.
Slice peaches, leaving skin on, into 1/3" wedges; discard pits (you should have about 6 cups sliced fruit).
Toss fruit, brown sugar, and salt in baking dish. Bake fruit until juices are bubbling and most of the liquid
is evaporated, 35–40 minutes.
Meanwhile, toss granola with oil in a medium bowl.
Sprinkle granola over fruit, then continue to bake until warmed through and golden brown, 7–10 minutes.
Let cool 5 minutes before serving.
Press out as much liquid as possible from any crab meat you are using.
Any excess moisture will soak through the wonton skins.
In a medium bowl combine the crab, cream cheese, green onion, tarragon, salt and pepper either with your hands or a mixer with a paddle attachment.
Take a wonton skin, place 1 teaspoon of filling in the center of each wrapper.
With a finger dipped in egg, moisten the 2 adjacent sides; fold over the opposing corner to make a triangle.
(You have some choices with shape.
You can make a purse, tortellini or traditional triangle wontons.)
Place the completed ones on a tray.
Uncooked, rangoons can be wrapped and kept frozen for 1 to 2 weeks and dropped into the fryer frozen.
Heat oil in a 4- or 5-quart (3.8- or 4.7-L) Dutch oven or pot until the oil reaches 360°F (182°C).
Fry in small batches until golden about 2 minutes on each side and drain on a wire rack over a cookie sheet.
I like to serve these with sweet chili or plum sauce.
In a small bowl, whisk together the lime juice, fish sauce, garlic, jalapeños, and brown sugar.
(Or, in a 12-ounce/180-ml or larger jar with a lid, combine the ingredients, cover, then shake vigorously.)
Dip a piece of lettuce in the dressing and check the seasonings; add more jalapeños, if you like.
The sauce should have a balance of hot, sweet, sour, and salty, which is typical of Thai foods.
Keep, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.
Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a medium skillet over medium.
Add dates and cook, turning often, until lightly browned on all sides, 4–6 minutes.
Divide dates among plates.
Add a few small scoops of ice cream to each.
Drizzle with oil, then top with mint; season with salt.
Whisk coconut milk, cream of coconut, and lime zest in a medium bowl.
Divide mixture among ice-pop molds, leaving about 1/2" space at the top.
Freeze until slushy, about 30 minutes.
Stir to redistribute lime zest, cover molds, insert sticks, and freeze until ice pops are solid, at least 2 hours.
Do Ahead                                        Ice pops can be made 3 months ahead.
Freeze until solid, then transfer to an airtight container and keep frozen.
Toast hazelnuts and pumpkin seeds in a medium skillet over medium heat, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes.
Meanwhile, slice corn off cobs into a large bowl (you should have about 2 cups kernels).
Add toasted nuts and seeds, jalapeño, red pepper, 1/4 cup chopped cilantro, 1/4 cup oil, 3 Tbsp.
lime juice, and 1/2 tsp.
salt; toss to combine.
Heat remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in a medium skillet over medium.
Add onion and cook, stirring, until onion starts to release moisture and turns translucent, 4–5 minutes.
Add beans, cumin, 1/3 cup water, and remaining 3/4 tsp. salt.
Cover and cook until liquid is reduced and beans soften, about 5 minutes.
Uncover, add 1/3 cup water, and use the back of a fork to mash up about half of beans.
Working one at a time, warm tortillas with tongs directly over a gas burner over medium heat, turning often, until lightly charred and puffed in spots, about 45 seconds per side.
(Alternatively, wrap tortillas in foil and heat in a 350°F oven until warmed through, or wrap in damp paper towels and microwave in 20-second bursts until warm.)
Transfer to a plate and cover with a kitchen towel to keep warm.
Whisk sour cream and remaining 2 Tbsp.
lime juice in a small bowl.
Fill tortillas with bean mixture, then top with corn salsa, avocado, and cilantro leaves. Drizzle with sour cream mixture and serve with lime wedges alongside.
Do Ahead                                        Corn salsa and beans can be made 3 days ahead; store separately, cover, and chill.
Bring corn salsa to room temperature.
Reheat beans in skillet before serving.
With a small knife, cut the avocados in half crosswise.
Remove the pits.
Using a spoon, carefully scoop out the avocado flesh in one piece from each half.
Cut into thin slices crosswise.
Lightly sprinkle tomatoes and avocado with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
Cut the feta into thin slices.
Layer the tomatoes, avocado, feta, and basil in stacks on plates.
Preheat the oven to 400°F.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Arrange the fruit, cut side up, on the prepared baking sheet.
Drizzle with the olive oil and season well with the salt and pepper to taste.
Sprinkle the fruit with all but a pinch of the fresh herbs.
Place the baking sheet in the oven and immediately reduce the heat to 250°F.
Roast until the fruit is very soft and juicy and starting to caramelize, about 2 hours.
(Alternatively, turn off the oven after 1 hour and leave the fruit in the oven overnight.
This will produce a more leathery result.
Either way is good!)
In a medium bowl, combine 3 tablespoons of the lemon juice, the tahini, 3/4 cup water, salt, and the ice cube.
Whisk vigorously until the mixture comes together.
It should lighten in color and thicken enough that it holds an edge when the whisk is dragged through it.
Remove the ice cube if any remains unmelted and adjust the seasoning, adding more lemon juice and salt until the sauce is addictive—you will know. Scrape the sauce into a shallow serving dish and hide it from the eaters in your house until ready to serve.
Layer a plate with the roasted fruit, then drizzle with the tahini dressing.
Sprinkle with the reserved fresh thyme or oregano and a pinch of flaky sea salt.
Place the vegetables and beans in a large bowl.
Sprinkle the olives over the vegetables.
Combine the vinegar, garlic, parsley, and cilantro in a small bowl.
Pour over the vegetables and toss to mix.
Cover and chill for at least 1 hour before serving.
To serve, place a line of the vegetable mixture down the center of a tortilla.
Drizzle with hot sauce, if desired, roll up, and enjoy.
Heat the oven to 225°F.
Peel the potatoes, cut them in half lengthwise, and cut each half in 3.
Boil the potatoes in well-salted water until they’re completely tender but not falling apart, about 20 minutes.
To check doneness, take a piece out of the pot and cut it at the thickest part.
It should sort of break apart and look dry inside.
Taste it to be sure, then drain the potatoes well, spread them on a baking sheet, and put them in the oven for 15 minutes to dry completely.
Pass them through a sieve or food mill into a medium bowl and set them aside.
If you’ll be cooking the puffs as soon as the dough is ready, leave the oven on so that you can keep batches warm as you fry.
Meanwhile, make the pâte à choux: In a medium saucepan, bring 1/2 cup water to a boil with the butter and 1/4 teaspoon salt.
Add the flour all at once, turn off the heat, and stir with a wooden spoon until completely incorporated.
Return the pan to very low heat and stir for a few minutes until the dough forms a ball and a cooked film begins to develop in the saucepan.
Let the dough cool for a couple of minutes, and stir in one of the eggs.
The dough will fly apart into seemingly irreconcilable blobs, but do not lose heart; keep stirring, and it will become one again, I promise.
Beat the other egg in a small bowl and begin to stir it in—you may not want to add all of it in the interest of dryness.
Stop adding egg when the dough becomes elastic, smooth, and shiny, and then stir in the potato and garlic paste and mix thoroughly.
The dough will be very sticky.
In a heavy saucepan or skillet, heat 2 to 3 inches of frying oil to 325°F, or until it is shimmery, not smoking, and a tiny dollop of the dough dropped in sizzles energetically, but does not scare you out of the kitchen. Carefully drop a walnut-size piece of dough into the oil to fry for a taster.
Taste and adjust for salt and . .
.
more garlic? . . .
cooked longer?
There are two ways to proceed with frying: (1) load the dough into a pastry bag, squeeze out short lengths, and cut them off and into the oil with a knife or scissors, or (2) use two spoons to form and scrape dollops into the oil.
Fry the puffs until they’re golden brown, prodding them with a spider to roll them over and fry the other side as needed.
Dip them out to drain on a rack or crumpled paper and keep them warm in the oven (without the paper, if that’s what you’re using) as you fry the rest.
Notes                                        Instead of serving the potato puffs alongside fish, meat, chicken, or beans, make them for a pre-dinner aperitivo that you stand around eating in the kitchen while you fry the next batch.
In spring, if green garlic stalks are available, thinly slice, rinse, and cook one in butter and a very little bit of salted water.
When it’s tender, drain and add it to the mix in place of the pounded garlic.
Add chopped chives, parsley, or thyme, or Parmesan or other gratable aged cheese to the dough.
Potato-puff- frying oil can be strained and saved, refrigerated, to reuse for up to a week.
Place the eggs in a shallow bowl and whisk to blend.
In a second shallow bowl, combine the polenta, cheese, salt, and pepper.
Pour the oil into the saucepan or deep-fryer to a depth of at least 2 inches.
If using a deep-fry thermometer to take the temperature of the oil, attach it to the side of the saucepan.
Heat the oil over medium heat to 375°F, or until a wooden chopstick inserted into the oil begins to fizz with bubbles.
Do not be tempted to use too high a heat to bring the oil to temperature, as it will be harder to control and keep stable once you arrive at your goal temperature.
When the oil has come to temperature, coat the oysters: Dredge the oysters first in the eggs, allowing any excess to drip back into the bowl, then in the polenta mixture, shaking off any excess.
Arrange on a platter.
(The oysters should be fried within just a few moments of coating them.)
Fry the oysters in batches, about three at a time, until the breading is crisp, firm, and deep golden, 2 to 3 minutes.
Remove with the wire skimmer and transfer to the paper towels to drain.
Serve immediately with lemon wedges and aïoli or lime mayonnaise.
Prepare the sponge                                        
In the bowl of the heavy-duty mixer, combine the milk, yeast (see note if using instant yeast), and honey and stir to blend.
Let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes.
Add the egg and half the flour and stir to blend.
The sponge will be soft and sticky.
Sprinkle with the remaining flour, to cover the sponge dough, but don’t mix it in.
Set aside to rest, uncovered, for 30 minutes.
The sponge should erupt slightly, cracking the layer of flour.
This indicates that the yeast is live and doing its job.
Prepare the dough                                        Add the honey, salt, eggs, and flour to the sponge.
Mix at low speed just until the ingredients come together, about 1 minute.
Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat for 5 minutes.
When the butter is incorporated, it should be the same consistency as the dough.
To prepare the butter, place it on a flat work surface, and with the pastry scraper, smear it bit by bit across the surface.
(If you do not have a pastry scraper, use the back of a large metal spoon.)
When it is ready, the butter should be smooth, soft, but still cool—not warm, oily, or greasy.
With the mixer on medium-low speed, add the butter a few tablespoons at a time.
When all the butter has been added, increase the mixer speed to medium-high for 1 minute, then reduce the speed to medium and continue to beat for 5 minutes more.
The dough will be soft and pliable but shouldn’t stick to your hands.
First rise                                        Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap.
Let the dough rise at room temperature until doubled in bulk, about 2 hours.
Chilling and second rise                                        Punch down the dough.
Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate the dough overnight, or for at least 4 hours, during which time it should double in size again.
Form the brioche                                        Divide the dough into 12 equal pieces, each weighing about 2 1/2 ounces.
Roll each piece of dough tightly into a ball and place 6 pieces in each bread pan, staggering them in two rows of 3; there will be some space left at either end of the loaf but it will fill up when the dough rises again.
Cover the pans with a clean cloth and let the dough rise at room temperature until doubled in bulk, 1 to 1 1/2 hours.
Center a rack in the oven. Preheat the oven to 375°F.
Lightly brush the dough with the beaten egg.
Working quickly, using the tip of a pair of sharp scissors, snip a cross on the top of each ball of dough; this will help the brioche rise evenly as it bakes.
Bake until the loaves are puffed and deeply golden, 30 to 35 minutes.
Place the pans on the baking rack to cool.
Turn the loaves out after they have cooled.
Notes                                        When using instant yeast, there is no need to let the yeast proof in warm milk; it can be added directly to the flour.
Don’t omit the milk, however, as this will change the balance of liquid to dry ingredients in the recipe.
Instant yeast and active dry yeast can be used interchangeably in the same quantities.
Honey both enriches the flavor of this brioche and helps keep it moist.
Top quality honey makes all the difference here.
The brioche is best eaten the day it is baked, although it can be tightly wrapped and stored for a day or two or frozen for up to 1 month.
Thaw, still wrapped, at room temperature.
Butter a 23cm/9-inch loose-bottomed tart tin, make the pastry, then use it to line the tin and blind bake it according to the instructions.
Lower the oven temperature to 340°F/170°C/150°C fan/gas 3.
Lightly whisk together the eggs, sugar and lemon juice, then add the cream and elderflower cordial.
Stir in two-thirds of the lemon zest, reserving the rest for the top.
Try to pop any bubbles that appear on the surface with a skewer or skim them off with a spoon.
Pour half the lemon mixture into the tart case then put it in the oven.
Once it is safely in, fill it completely to the top with the rest of the mixture (this half and half approach helps to prevent spillage) then bake for 30—35 minutes or until the tart has just set.
It should still have a slight wobble in the middle.
Leave the tart to cool completely before removing it from the tin and chilling it in the fridge.
To serve, dust with confectioners' sugar and the remaining lemon zest and if you like you can add a big dollop of mascarpone mixed with whipped cream on the side.
Line one 20x30cm (8x12-inch) tin with cling film.
In a large bowl, whisk together the condensed milk, heavy cream, and vanilla using an electric hand-held whisk until the mixture thickens and holds its shape when you take the whisk out.
Put the cookies into a plastic bag and bash them with a rolling pin to make crumbs.
If you want larger chunks, you could crumble them by hand.
Fold the cookie crumbs into the ice-cream mixture, then scrape into the prepared tin.
Use a spatula to smooth it out, then freeze for at least two hours or until firm.
Preheat the oven to 350°F/180°C/160°C fan/gas 4.
Make My Favorite Brownie recipe up to step 4, but don't put the mixture in the tin yet.
Divide the brownie mixture between two lined 20x30cm (8x12-inch) brownie tins (or use one and bake two batches) and use a spatula to spread the batter right into the edges.
It will be very thin, as these will be your sandwich layers.
Bake each tray for ten minutes, then remove from the oven and leave to cool completely in the tin.
Remove the brownie layers from the tins and re-line one of the tins with another sheet of baking parchment.
Put one brownie layer into the tin, then press the ice-cream layer on the top of it.
Add the final layer then return to the freezer for at least 30 minutes.
Remove the ice-cream sandwich slab from the freezer about ten minutes before serving.
Use a sharp knife or pastry cutter to cut shapes—I like the effect of a circular cutter.
Grease a 20cm (8-inch) springform tin and line with baking parchment.
Cherries:                                        Put the dried sour cherries into a small saucepan with the sugar, vanilla, and 1 tablespoon of water.
If you are using kirsch, add this now.
Bring to the boil and leave to simmer for 4–5 minutes.
The cherries should soften and absorb some of the liquid.
Set the pan to one side to cool.
Base:                                        To make the biscuit base, blitz the digestive biscuits and peanuts in a food processor until they resemble very fine crumbs. Pour the melted butter into the crumbs and blitz again until all the biscuit crumbs are coated in butter.
Alternatively, finely chop the peanuts and place into a plastic bag with the biscuits, use a rolling pin to crush them to a fine powder, then put into a bowl and stir in the butter.
Tip the crumbs into the base of the prepared tin, then press them down firmly with the back of a teaspoon to make sure they stick together, then chill for at least 30 minutes.
Cheesecake layer:                                        In a large bowl, whisk together the cream cheese, caster sugar and egg yolks until smooth.
Stir in the cream until you get a thick but not stiff consistency.
Soak the gelatin leaves in cold water and allow to soften completely.
This will take around five minutes.
Melt the smooth peanut butter in the microwave in a medium bowl for about 30 seconds until it is even smoother.
Squeeze the gelatin leaves to remove any excess water, then stir into the warm peanut butter until completely dissolved.
Spoon a few tablespoons of the cream cheese mixture into the peanut butter and mix well, before pouring all of the peanut butter mixture into the remaining cream cheese and stirring until completely smooth.
To assemble:                                        Drain the cherries then add half to the cream cheese mixture and stir in.
Spread onto the prepared biscuit base and use a spatula to smooth the top.
Leave to set in the refrigerator, preferably overnight, but for at least four hours.
When the cheesecake feels firm enough to hold a layer of chocolate (usually after around two hours of chilling), make the chocolate topping.
Place the chocolate, golden syrup and cream into a small bowl.
Microwave on high for around one minute, removing from the microwave and stirring well every 15 seconds, until the mixture is smooth and no lumps of chocolate remain.
Pour over the cheesecake, tilting the tin until the whole top is covered.
Decorate with the remaining sour cherries and peanuts.
Chill for two hours before serving.
Trim top of pineapple to remove leaves, but leave top in tact.
Cut pineapple in half crosswise.
Run a knife in a circle around inside of halves 1/2" away from the skin.
Cut across core of pineapple twice, creating 4 pieces and loosening the fruit.
Using a big spoon or ice cream scoop, scoop out inside of each pineapple half.
Place pineapple "cups" in freezer.
Discard core and finely chop pineapple (you should have about 4 cups).
Place in a single layer on a parchment-lined sheet tray and freeze at least 1 hour.
Blend frozen pineapple, rum, lime juice, 1/3 cup mint, and 2 cups ice in a blender until smooth.
Taste and add sugar, if needed.
Fill pineapple "cups" with mojito mixture, reserving extra for refills.
Garnish with mint sprigs and tiki drink decoration, if using.
Reserve remaining mojito mixture in freezer for second serving or serve in alternate glasses.
Do Ahead                                        Pineapple "cups" can be hollowed out 3 days ahead; keep frozen.
Pineapple chunks can be frozen up to 3 months ahead.
Cook the pork:                                        Mix salt, black pepper, cumin, paprika, and cayenne in a small bowl.
Rub all over pork.
Stir soda and barbecue sauce in slow cooker.
Place pork in slow cooker, cover, and cook on low, spooning juices over top of pork or turning occasionally, until meat is very tender and falls apart when shredded with 2 forks, about 8 hours.
Transfer pork to a rimmed baking sheet and let cool slightly. Shred pork with 2 forks. Discard large pieces of unrendered fat or gristle.
Make the Big Red barbecue sauce:                                        Stir barbecue sauce and 2 Tbsp.
soda in a medium bowl.
Taste and add up to 1 Tbsp.
Big Red, depending on sweetness of barbecue sauce.
Toss shredded pork in desired amount of sauce and drizzle more sauce over.
You can also spoon some cooking liquid over pork for extra flavor.
Season with salt and pepper, if needed.
Serve pork with Big Red sauce alongside, or make sandwiches with buns, pork, slaw, pickles, and an extra drizzle of sauce, if desired.
Do Ahead                                        Pork can be coated in spice rub 1 day ahead; chill.
Pork can be cooked and shredded up to 3 days ahead; transfer to an airtight container and chill.
Prep the chicken:                                        Stir buttermilk, hot sauce, and 1 Tbsp.
salt in a wide, shallow bowl.
Add chicken and toss to coat.
Mix flour, garlic powder, paprika, cayenne, black pepper, and remaining 1 Tbsp.
salt in a large bowl.
Working in batches, transfer chicken to bowl with flour mixture.
Toss to coat, then transfer to a rimmed baking sheet or large platter.
Working in batches again, dip in buttermilk mixture, allow excess to drip off, then dip again in flour mixture.
Transfer back to baking sheet and chill at least 15 minutes and up to 2 hours.
For the hot sauce:                                        Meanwhile, cook butter, hot sauce, and maple syrup in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until butter is melted and mixture is smooth.
For the blue cheese dip:                                        Whisk sour cream, buttermilk, blue cheese, pepper, salt, and 1 Tbsp. plus 2 tsp
. chives in a small bowl.
Top with remaining 1 tsp.
chives.
Fry the chicken:                                        Preheat oven to 250°F.
Set a wire rack over another rimmed baking sheet.
Pour oil into a large heavy pot fitted with thermometer to a depth of 2".
Heat over medium-high until thermometer registers 350°F.
Working in batches, fry chicken, turning occasionally, until crispy and golden brown and an instant-read thermometer registers 165°F, 4–6 minutes per batch.
Transfer chicken to prepared wire rack, season with salt, and keep warm in oven.
Right before serving, transfer fried chicken to a large bowl.
Pour hot sauce mixture over and gently turn with tongs until coated.
Serve with blue cheese dip and celery sticks alongside.
Cinnamon Apple Cupcake:                                        Preheat the oven to 350°F.
Line two standard cupcake tins with 15 paper liners.
Using a stand or hand mixer, cream together the sugar and butter on medium speed in a large bowl.
Slowly add in eggs, one at a time, and mix on medium speed until combined.
Reduce speed to low and add vanilla extract, milk, and sour cream.
In a separate bowl, combine both flours, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon.
Slowly add dry ingredients to wet ingredients, and mix on medium speed until smooth, about 2 minutes.
Using a large spoon, fill the cupcake liners three-quarters full and bake for 18 to 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
Cinnamon Apple Filling:                                        In a small saucepan over low heat, combine diced apple with sugar and cinnamon.
Simmer for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until apples are soft.
Set aside to fill cupcakes with later.
Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting:                                        With a hand or stand mixer, beat softened butter and cream cheese together on medium speed for 3 minutes.
Add vanilla and mix on medium speed until thoroughly combined.
Slowly add powdered sugar and beat on low for 1 minute.
Add cinnamon and gradually increase the speed to high and beat for 3 minutes, until fluffy.
Apple Fritter Topping:                                        Combine flour and next seven ingredients including apples in a medium bowl.
Heat the 2 cups vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium high heat for 3 minutes.
Lower heat to medium, and using an ice cream scoop or large spoon, drop 1/4 cupfuls of batter into the hot oil.
Fry about 2 to 3 minutes on each side, until golden.
Remove fritters with a slotted spoon, and place on a plate lined with a paper towel to absorb the excess oil.
Continue until all the batter is gone, being careful not to overcrowd the pan while frying.
While hot, sprinkle the fritters with cinnamon and sugar.
After cooled, cut fritters into pieces to top cupcakes.
To Assemble Cupcakes:                                        Once cool, poke small holes in each cupcake, using a circle pastry tip or an apple corer.
Insert one tablespoon of the Cinnamon Apple Filling into each cupcake.
Gently pipe each cupcake with Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting.
Garnish with an Apple Fritter Topping piece on top of each cupcake.
Gingerbread Cupcakes:                                        Preheat oven to 350°F.
Line a muffin pan with paper cupcake liners.
Sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon, cloves, and salt into a bowl and mix.
Whisk the oil, molasses, maple syrup, soy milk, yogurt, and lemon zest in a separate large bowl.
Add the flour mixture to the wet ingredients and mix just until smooth.
Fold in the chopped crystallized ginger.
Fill cupcake liners two-thirds full.
Bake for 19 to 22 minutes, until a knife or toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.
Transfer to a cooling rack and let cool completely before frosting.
Lemony Cream Cheese Frosting:                                        Cream together margarine and cream cheese until just combined.
Use a handheld mixer to whip while adding the confectioners’ sugar in 1/2 cup batches.
Mix until smooth and creamy, then in mix in the vanilla.
Add the lemon zest.
Keep tightly covered and refrigerated until ready to use.
Thread the shrimp on skewers and place in a baking dish.
Coat with tequila and lime juice and marinate 15 minutes.
Oil and preheat a grill or grill pan to medium-high heat.
Brush the corn with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Place the shrimp and corn on the grill and grill about 3 minutes per side until cooked through.
Cool slightly.
Remove the shrimp from skewers and slice the kernels off the cobs.
In a large bowl, toss the lettuce with the beans, tomatoes, avocado, and dressing. Arrange grilled shrimp and corn on top and garnish with cilantro and lime.
Serve with tortilla chips, if desired.
In a small saucepan, whisk together soy milk, soy milk powder, and arrowroot.
Stir constantly over medium heat till arrowroot is cooked and mixture starts to thicken, about 4 minutes.
Stir in brown rice syrup, turn up heat to medium high and bring to a gentle boil, then bring heat back down so mixture is at a low simmer, all the while stirring constantly.
Cook till mixture is thick and slightly reduced, about 10 minutes.
Sauce will have a thick consistency, like cake batter.
Whisk in vanilla and remove from heat.
Allow to cool 10 minutes before spreading on warm cupcakes.
Beat the shortening and margarine together until well combined and fluffy.
Add the sugar and beat for about 3 more minutes.
Add the vanilla and soy milk, beat for another 5-7 minutes until fluffy.
1. Line a baking sheet with nonstick foil or parchment paper.
2. Cut the bananas in half and insert a Popsicle stick into each half, as shown.
Place them on the baking sheet and freeze for 15 minutes.
3. Meanwhile, melt the chocolate with the oil in a Pyrex measuring cup in the microwave (check it every 30 seconds) or in a half-full pan of simmering water (about 2 minutes).
Stir until smooth.
4. Roll each banana half in the chocolate, then quickly sprinkle with your topping (if using).
5.
Freeze until the chocolate sets, 30 minutes.
Serve or freeze in an airtight container for up to a week.
Make the Cookies                                        Preheat oven to 350°F.
Cook butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat, swirling often, until it foams, then browns, 5–8 minutes.
Scrape brown butter and toasty solids into a heatproof measuring glass and let cool.
Process waffle cones, oats, flour, and salt in a food processor in long pulses until oats are broken up and cones are finely ground.
Add brown sugar and pulse to combine.
Whisk egg yolk, vanilla, and 2 Tbsp.
water in a small bowl.
With the motor running, slowly drizzle into food processor, then stream in brown butter; process until dough forms a ball around the blade.
Portion out slightly rounded tablespoonfuls of dough to make 26 balls (each should weigh about 3/4 oz.).
Roll balls between your palms to smooth and divide between 2 parchment-lined rimmed baking sheets, spacing 3" apart (the cookies will spread as they bake).
Cover with another sheet of parchment paper and use the bottom of a glass to flatten each into a 2 1/2" round.
Bake cookies, rotating sheets front to back and top to bottom halfway through, until golden all over and browned around the edges, 12–15 minutes.
Let cool on baking sheets; use a thin metal spatula to loosen cookies from parchment.
Turn half of cookies over (you’ll have 2 extra).
Prepare Ice Cream                                        Remove 2 pints of ice cream (same flavor) from containers (just peel away container if it’s paper, or use a rubber spatula to help slide ice cream out intact if container is plastic).
Cut ice cream into 2” pieces and place in a large bowl.
Let sit until slightly softened, about 5 minutes, then stir with a wooden spoon or a large rubber spatula until the consistency of thick cake batter.
Assembly                                        Using a 4-oz.
ice cream scoop or 1/2-cup measuring cup, and working one at a time or in small batches, scoop out large domes of ice cream onto upside-down cookies.
Top each with a right-side-up cookie, then press down gently until ice cream extends to the edges.
Transfer sandwiches to a rimmed baking sheet set in the freezer as you work.
Repeat softening process with remaining 2 pints of ice cream and assemble remaining sandwiches.
Freeze sandwiches until ice cream is hard, about 2 hours.
Cover tray with plastic wrap and freeze at least another 8 hours to let cookies soften.
Do Ahead                                        Cookies can be baked 1 week ahead; transfer to a resealable plastic freezer bag and freeze.
Sandwiches can be assembled 5 days ahead; keep frozen.
Bring wide strips of lime zest, salt, 1/2 cup sugar, and 2 cups cream to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat.
Reduce heat and simmer, swirling pan occasionally and being careful not to let mixture boil over, until cream is slightly thickened, about 5 minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in lime juice.
Strain mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a large measuring glass; divide among 4 small glasses, bowls, or 8-oz.
ramekins.
Chill until custards are no longer warm, about 30 minutes, then cover with plastic wrap and continue to chill until set, at least 2 hours.
Just before serving, whisk remaining 1/2 cup cream in a small bowl to soft peaks; whisk in remaining 1 Tbsp. sugar.
Top each custard with dollops of cream, a few lychees (you may have a few left over), and some finely grated lime zest.
Do Ahead                                        Custards can be made 2 days ahead.
Keep chilled.
Sesame Wafer                                        Preheat oven to 350°F.
Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat.
Remove from heat and mix in sugar, honey, and salt, then flour.
Add sesame seeds.
Transfer dough to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet and flatten with a spoon or offset spatula until dough is no more than 1/4" thick.
Bake until wafer is golden brown and smells like caramel, 9–11 minutes.
Let cool on baking sheet.
Do Ahead                                        Wafer can be made 3 days ahead.
Store tightly wrapped at room temperature.
Assembly                                        Place saffron in a small bowl and pour in 1 tsp. boiling water.
Let sit until saffron is hydrated and releases its color, 10–12 minutes.
Stir in oil.
Break wafer into large pieces.
Scoop ice cream into bowls; drizzle with saffron oil and top with wafer.
Put the flour, almonds, and confectioners' sugar into a large bowl and mix together until well combined.
Add the butter to the dry ingredients and rub into the flour until you get a mixture that looks like fine breadcrumbs.
Add the egg yolk (save the white for glazing) and 1 tablespoon of cold water and stir into the flour with a round-ended knife.
The mixture will start to clump together after you have mixed for a minute or so, but there will still be some floury patches in the bowl.
Turn the contents of the bowl onto a large piece of cling film and knead briefly until all the pastry has come together into a ball.
Wrap in the cling film and place in the fridge for 30 minutes, or until you are ready to use it.
Blind baking:                                        Preheat the oven to 375°F/190°C/170°C fan/gas 5.
Roll out the chilled pastry between two pieces of cling film until it is a few centimeters larger than your tin.
You could also do this on a floured surface, but the pastry is so fragile I find it easier to handle between cling film.
Peel off the top layer of cling film then invert the pastry circle into the prepared tart tin, gently pressing it into all the edges.
Put the pastry-lined tin into the fridge for at least 30 minutes before baking.
Remove the cling film from the pastry, prick the base all over with a fork then line the inside with baking parchment and baking beans (you could also use uncooked lentils or rice if you don’t have baking beans—anything that will weigh the paper down).
Bake for ten minutes, then carefully remove the paper and beans and bake for a further ten minutes, until the base is crisp.
You are now ready to fill the case.
Prepare a grill or grill pan for medium-high heat.
Grill orange halves, cut side down, until well browned, 8–10 minutes.
Let cool slightly, about 10 minutes.
Juice oranges, then strain and discard pulp (you should have about 1 1/2 cups juice).
Pour salt onto a small plate, if using.
Rub rim of an old-fashioned or rocks glass with lime wheel, then dip into salt.
Stir orange juice, tequila, lime juice, and 8 cups ice in a pitcher.
Divide cocktails among glasses and garnish with lime wheels.
Make the Cookies                                        Whisk cocoa powder, salt, baking powder, and 2 1/2 cups flour in a medium bowl.
Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes.
Reduce mixer speed to medium and add eggs and vanilla; beat until very fluffy, about 30 seconds.
Reduce speed to low and gradually add dry ingredients, beating just until combined (use a large spatula to incorporate any dry ingredients at the bottom of the bowl).
Divide dough in half and wrap each in plastic, pressing down to form into 1/2”-thick disks.
Chill until firm, at least 2 hours.
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Let 1 disk of dough sit at room temperature until softened slightly, about 5 minutes.
Roll out on a lightly floured piece of parchment paper into a large 1/8"-thick rectangle (about 16x12"), dusting with more flour as needed.
Use a knife and a ruler (precision is key) to cut into 4x1 1/2" rectangles, then use a thin metal spatula to transfer rectangles to a parchment-lined baking sheet, spacing 1" apart.
(If at any point the dough becomes too soft and sticky, slide dough with parchment onto a baking sheet and chill until firm.)
Chill dough on baking sheet while you repeat the process with the second disk of dough.
You should end up with 30 cookies total.
Save scraps for another use or discard.
Prick cookies in several places with a fork.
Bake, rotating baking sheets front to back and top to bottom halfway through, until edges are firm, 12–15 minutes.
Let cool on baking sheets.
Turn half of cookies over.
Prepare Ice Cream                                        Line a 13x9” baking pan, preferably straight sided, with 2 layers of plastic wrap, leaving several inches of overhang on all sides; place in freezer.
Remove both pints of first ice cream flavor from containers (just peel away container if it’s paper, or use a rubber spatula to help slide ice cream out intact if container is plastic).
Cut ice cream into 2” pieces and place in a large bowl.
Let sit until slightly softened, about 5 minutes, then stir with a wooden spoon or a large rubber spatula until the consistency of thick cake batter.
Scrape ice cream into chilled pan and smooth into an even layer with a small off-set spatula.
Freeze uncovered until firm, 15–20 minutes.
Repeat softening process with both pints of second flavor.
Scrape second flavor over first layer and smooth out, spreading ice cream all the way to the edges and making top as level as possible.
Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until ice cream is hard, at least 8 hours.
Assembly                                        Remove ice cream from freezer, unwrap, and invert onto a cutting board; remove pan and peel off plastic.
Trim sides of ice cream block to make a neat, straight-edged rectangle measuring 12x7 1/2”
(yep, there’s that ruler again).
Working quickly so ice cream doesn’t melt, cut block lengthwise into 5 equal rows and then crosswise into thirds so you have 15 pieces measuring about 4x1 1/2” Working with 1 brick of ice cream at a time, use a thin metal spatula to place on a flat-side-up cookie and top with a right-side up cookie.
Transfer sandwiches to a rimmed baking sheet set in the freezer as you work.
Freeze sandwiches until ice cream is hard, about 2 hours.
Cover tray with plastic wrap and freeze at least another 8 hours to let cookies soften.
Do Ahead                                        Dough can be made 2 days ahead; keep chilled.
Cookies can be baked 1 week ahead; transfer to a resealable plastic bag and freeze.
Layered ice cream can be made 1 week ahead; keep frozen in pan.
Sandwiches can be assembled 5 days ahead; keep frozen.
Prepare a grill for medium-low heat.
Toss carrots and spring onions on a rimmed baking sheet with 2 Tbsp.
oil; season with salt.
Grill (covered if possible), turning often and moving to a cooler part of the grill if they are browning too quickly, until crisp-tender, 15–20 minutes.
Meanwhile, toast cumin in a dry small skillet over medium heat, tossing often, until slightly darkened and fragrant, about 2 minutes.
Let cool; grind in spice mill or with mortar and pestle.
Mix in a medium bowl with chopped serrano, yogurt, lime juice, chopped mint, and remaining 2 Tbsp.
oil; season with salt.
Spoon yogurt onto a platter; arrange carrots and onions over.
Top with mint leaves and sliced chile.
Do Ahead                                        Yogurt can be made 2 days ahead.
Cover and chill.
Dressing                                        Place ancho chiles, chiles de árbol, pasilla chile, and ají amarillo chile in a large heatproof measuring glass and pour boiling water over to submerge.
Cover with plastic wrap and let sit until chiles are softened, 20–25 minutes. Drain.
Remove seeds from chiles; discard.
Remove tops from radishes and coarsely chop.
Thinly slice radishes and set aside for the salad.
Combine chiles, radish tops, garlic, vinegar, lemon juice, honey, and paprika in a blender; season with salt and pepper.
Blend until chiles are finely chopped.
With the motor running, stream in oil; blend until dressing is emulsified and smooth.
Squid                                        Prepare a grill for high heat.
Cover the underside of a large cast-iron skillet with 2 layers of foil and set on grate (you want it to have time to get very hot).
Working one at a time, butterfly squid bodies.
Cut a slit from wide opening to pointed end of body and open up into a flat triangle.
Remove the thin clear sliver of cartilage; discard.
Using the back of your knife, scrape away the jellylike membrane lining the inside of the body.
Rinse bodies and tentacles well; pat dry with paper towels.
Combine garlic, mayonnaise, vinegar, several pinches of salt, and a few cranks of pepper in a large plastic resealable bag.
Add squid, seal bag, pressing out air, and massage to coat squid in marinade.
Chill 30 minutes.
Lightly oil grate (grate must be clean, so give it a scrub with a wire brush before oiling if needed).
Remove squid from bag, letting marinade drip off.
Place a few pieces flat on grate and immediately set hot skillet on top (you want to work in a small enough area and with few enough pieces that the skillet covers all the squid at once).
Grill until marks appear, about 45 seconds, then uncover squid and turn over (pieces will curl a bit).
Set skillet back on top and grill until marks appear on second side, about another 45 seconds.
Transfer squid to a medium bowl.
Continue with remaining squid.
Add lemon juice to bowl with squid and season with a bit more salt; toss to coat.
If bodies are very large, cut into smaller pieces; transfer to a platter.
Drizzle several tablespoonfuls of dressing over (reserve the rest for serving with grilled meats or scrambled eggs).
Salad and Assembly                                        Toss parsley, chives, marjoram, lemon juice, and reserved radishes in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper.
Scatter salad over squid; top with olives and drizzle with oil.
Wings                                        If using a charcoal grill, fill chimney starter with charcoal; light and let burn until coals are covered with a thin layer of ash. Pour contents of chimney onto one side of grill.
Arrange 3 chunks of wood or a handful of chips next to, not on top of, coals.
(Placing them on top of the coals will cause them to burn too quickly; you want the wood to catch slowly and smolder.)
Place grate on grill and cover grill, positioning vent on lid as far from heat source as possible.
(This will help draw the smoke up and over the meat as it rises.)
If using a gas grill, prepare grill for medium-low indirect heat, leaving one or two burners off.
Place wood chips in smoker box and set over direct heat; cover grill.
Stick an ovenproof probe thermometer through top vent if your grill has one.
Heat until thermometer registers around 275°F, adjusting vents on bottom and top of grill or control knobs as needed to maintain temperature.
Get any high-heat grilling done while you wait for the temperature to drop.
Meanwhile, mix paprika, salt, chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder, chipotle chile powder, and mustard powder in a small bowl. Arrange wings on a large rimmed baking sheet and
sprinkle half of rub over top.
Turn over and sprinkle remaining rub over other side.
Let sit at room temperature until grill is ready.
Place wings on grill over indirect heat, leaving a small gap between each piece to allow smoke to circulate.
Smoke wings, replenishing wood as needed (and adding a coal or two of charcoal as needed), until deeply browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of each piece registers 165°F, 1 1/2–2 hours (as long as smoke is circulating well in grill, you shouldn’t need to turn wings).
Barbecue Sauce                                        Just before wings are done, melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat.
Add barbecue sauce, hot sauce, and molasses and cook, stirring, until heated through; season with salt.
Toss wings in sauce in a large bowl just before serving.
The night before you plan to grill the chickens, place them on a work surface, breast side up, and open them up against the surface as much as possible.
Using your palms, press firmly on breastbone to flatten breast.
You may hear a crack.
This means you’re doing it right.
Set chickens, breast side up, on a large rimmed baking sheet.
Season generously on both sides with salt and black pepper.
Chill, uncovered, at least 8 hours and up to 2 days.
Remove chickens from refrigerator and set out on your counter.
Combine garlic, Aleppo-style pepper, rosemary, and 1/4 cup oil in a small bowl.
Rub chickens all over with mixture and let sit until room temperature, 1–2 hours.
Prepare a grill for medium-high, indirect heat (for a charcoal grill, bank coals on one side of grill; for a gas grill, leave one or two burners off).
Set chickens, skin side down, on grate over indirect heat.
Cover grill, placing cover vent (if your grill has one) over chickens so it draws heat up and over them.
Grill, rotating chickens as needed so that they color evenly, until skins are lightly browned, 15–20 minutes.
Turn chickens and continue to cook, covered, until skins are deep golden brown and crisp and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of breasts registers 160°F, 20–25 minutes.
Transfer chickens to a cutting board and let rest at least 10 minutes before carving.
Mix olives, lemon juice, oregano, chopped parsley, remaining 1/4 cup oil, and any accumulated juices from chicken on the cutting board in a medium bowl.
Season with salt.
To serve, arrange carved chickens on a platter and top with olive mixture and parsley leaves.
Preheat the oven to 400°F/200°C/180°C fan/gas 6 and line a 20x30cm (8x12-inch) tin with baking parchment.
Put the sugars and butter into a large saucepan and heat on medium until the butter has melted.
Simmer the mixture for five minutes to allow the sugar to begin to melt, stirring all the time.
It should lose its grainy appearance and the butter will combine with the sugar.
Remove from the heat.
Add the chopped dark chocolate to the warm sugar and butter mixture and stir it in until it is completely melted.
Leave to cool to room temperature.
When the mixture is cool enough to touch comfortably, beat in the eggs.
Add the flour and cocoa powder before stirring briefly to combine.
You don't want to overbeat the mixture or your brownies will become too 'cakey'.
Fold through the chocolate chips and scrape into the prepared tin.
Bake for 20–25 minutes or until the top is shiny and slightly cracked.
It will feel slightly underbaked, but for gooey, sticky brownies this is perfect.
Leave to cool completely in the tin, then chill in the fridge for an hour to get the ultimate, fudgy center, then cut into squares.
Prepare a grill or grill pan for medium-high heat. Slice 2 tomatoes in half and brush each half with oil.
Brush onion with oil.
Transfer onions and tomatoes halves to hot grill and cook, turning occasionally, until slightly charred and softened, about 10 minutes.
Let cool slightly.
Remove seeds from remaining 2 tomatoes and cut into 1/4" cubes.
Transfer to a medium bowl.
Add jalapeño and salt and toss to combine.
Finely chop cooled onions and tomatoes, then add to raw tomato mixture and toss to combine.
Do Ahead                                        Salsa can be made 1 day ahead.
Transfer to an airtight container and chill.
Mash avocado, salsa, lime juice, and salt with a fork in a medium bowl.
Taste and adjust seasoning, if needed.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Line muffin pan with liners.
Whisk flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl.
Whisk eggs, sour cream, milk, and vanilla in a medium bowl.
Mix egg mixture into dry ingredients, then stir in butter.
Fold in blueberries.
Divide batter among muffin cups, filling to the brim (about 1/2 cup batter per muffin).
Sprinkle with coarse sugar.
Bake muffins, rotating pan halfway through, until golden brown and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 28–33 minutes.
Let cool in pan 5 minutes, then transfer muffins to a wire rack and let cool completely.
Do Ahead                                        Muffins can be made 3 days ahead.
Transfer to an airtight container and store at room temperature, or freeze up to 2 months.
Prepare a grill for medium-high heat or heat a grill pan over medium-high; oil grate or pan.
Lightly brush corn with oil and season with salt and pepper.
Grill, covered, until tender and well charred, 4–5 minutes per side (16–20 minutes total).
Let cool slightly.
Spread each ear with 1 Tbsp. mayonnaise and sprinkle with 1 Tbsp. cheese.
Place your stone on the lowest shelf of your oven, then turn your oven to its highest temperature.
Most ovens go to 500°F (260°C) and some to 550°F (287°C).
Heat your stone for at least one hour before baking.
If you’re taking your dough out of the fridge, give it about 15 minutes or so to warm up a bit so it will be easier to work with.
It should have doubled in size in the fridge.
If it hasn’t, let it sit at room temperature, covered with a slightly damp towel, until it does.
Lightly flour your counter and your hands.
Flip the dough into the flour bowl so the top side of the dough ball gets dusted first.
Flip it once more, making sure that the dough is completely coated.
Press the dough down into the flour, then pick it up and place it on the floured countertop.
Pressing your fingers firmly into the dough, start by flattening the center and work your way out toward the edge to make it wider, until it’s about 7 to 9 inches (17 to 23 cm) wide.
Pushing down on the dough will release some of the gas and actually begin opening up the dough.
Be careful not to disturb the outermost lip.
This will eventually become your crust.
The next step is a bit tricky.
Your goal is to take this disc of dough and carefully stretch it to about 14 to 16 inches (35.5 to 40.5 cm) without tearing it or creating a hole.
I pick it up with floured hands and begin to gently stretch it over my fists, letting gravity do most of the work.
Once you’ve stretched it enough, put the dough back on the counter, making sure there is a generous dusting of flour underneath.
Take a few generous pinches of semolina flour and dust your pizza peel.
Make sure it’s coated evenly.
Gently lift and transfer your dough to the peel.
Make sure both your hands and the peel are well-floured.
You are now ready to dress your pie.
Start by adding both mozzarellas to the dough, followed by the spinach and garlic.
Add the sausage.
Top with the cream and season with salt.
Transfer to the oven.
Bake for 3 minutes, then open the oven, pull out the rack with the baking stone, crack the eggs into the center of the pizza, and season them with salt and pepper.
Push the rack back into the oven, close the door, and finish baking.
The crust will rise significantly.
Then change the oven setting from bake to broil, cooking the pizza from the top down until the crust begins to blister.
The residual heat of the stone will continue to cook the bottom.
(If your broiler is at the bottom of your oven, skip this step and continue to bake the pizza as described.)
I cook all my pizzas until they’re well done, which could take up to 10 minutes total (sometimes less).
Just keep checking so you don’t burn it. Look for the cheese to color and the crust to turn deep brown.
It may blacken in spots, and that’s okay.
When the pizza is done, remove it from the oven and finish with the chives, a pinch or two of crushed red pepper flakes, a drizzle of olive oil, and the grated hard cheese.
Blend chile, adobo sauce, 1 tsp. lime zest, lime juice, oil, 1 1/2 tsp.
salt, and 1 tsp.
pepper in a blender until smooth.
Place steak in a large resealable plastic bag, pour marinade over, and toss to coat.
Marinate, tossing occasionally, at least 30 minutes at room temperature, or chill overnight.
If chilled, let steak sit at room temperature 30 minutes.
Prepare a grill or grill pan for medium-high heat.
Remove steak from marinade; discard marinade.
Grill steak until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of steak registers 120–125°F for medium-rare, 2–3 minutes per side for skirt; 3–4 minutes per side for flank.
Let rest 10 minutes before thinly slicing against the grain (to make slicing easier for skirt steak, cut into 5–6" segments, then slice against the grain).
Transfer to a platter and top with remaining 1/2 tsp.
lime zest; season with salt and pepper.
Serve with lime wedges alongside.
Toast aniseed in a dry small skillet over medium heat, tossing often, until fragrant, about 2 minutes.
Let cool; coarsely grind in spice mill or with mortar and pestle.
Season pork chops all over with salt and pepper; sprinkle with aniseed and red pepper flakes.
Let sit at room temperature 30 minutes.
Prepare a grill for medium-high heat; brush grate with oil.
Grill chops, moving around on grate to avoid flare-ups, until deep golden brown on both sides and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 140°F, 8–10 minutes.
Transfer chops to a plate and let rest 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk lemon juice, anchovy, and 2 Tbsp. oil in a medium bowl to combine.
Add radishes and parsley and toss to coat.
Toss scallions on a rimmed baking sheet with remaining 1 Tbsp.
oil; season with salt and pepper.
Grill scallions directly on grate, turning once, until lightly charred, about 2 minutes.
Transfer scallions to a platter, set pork chops on top, and scatter radish salad over.
Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium-high.
Cook shallot, garlic, and chile, stirring often, until shallot is softened and translucent, about 4 minutes.
Add pork and cook, stirring occasionally, until almost cooked through, about 3 minutes.
Add fish sauce, soy sauce, and sugar and cook, stirring occasionally, until moisture in skillet is evaporated, about 5 minutes.
Add broth, reduce heat, and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until liquid is evaporated, 12–18 minutes.
Remove skillet from heat and mix vinegar into pork mixture; taste and season with salt if needed.
Combine chickpeas and baking soda in a medium bowl and pour in cold water to cover by 2".
Cover and let sit 8–12 hours.
Drain chickpeas, rinse, and place in a large saucepan along with smashed garlic, chile, and bay leaf.
Pour in cold water to cover by 2".
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat; reduce heat and simmer gently, skimming foam occasionally from surface, until chickpeas are falling apart, 35–45 minutes.
Drain, reserving about 1 cup cooking liquid.
Pluck out and discard garlic, chile, and bay leaf.
Combine grated garlic, lemon juice, and a pinch of salt in a food processor and let sit until the bite in garlic mellows, about 5 minutes.
Add tahini and 1/2 cup ice water and process until smooth.
With the motor running, slowly stream in oil.
Season with another large pinch of salt.
Add chickpeas and cumin and process until hummus is very smooth, light, and creamy, about 2 minutes.
It will tighten up as it cools, so it should be loose to the point of being pourable at this stage.
If it looks thick, thin with chickpea cooking liquid, pulsing in by the tablespoonful until you reach the right consistency.
Taste hummus and season with salt and more lemon juice if needed.
Do Ahead                                        Hummus can be made 1 week ahead.
Cover and chill.
Bring to room temperature before serving.
Mix cilantro, mint, oil, pomegranate seeds, lemon juice, and preserved lemon peel in a small bowl; season dressing with salt.
Spoon over and into avocados; sprinkle with sea salt.
Combine salt, paprika, and chile powder in a small bowl.
Moisten half of each rim of 8 rocks glasses and dip into chile salt.
Set glasses aside.
Combine grapefruit juice, tequila, pomegranate juice, lime juice, and rose water in a large pitcher or 8-cup measuring glass.
Add 1 cup ice and stir until ice is melted and cocktail is very cold.
Stir in ginger beer.
Fill prepared glasses with ice and divide cocktail among glasses.
Garnish with grapefruit wedges and top off with more ginger beer, if desired.
Do Ahead                                        Grapefruit mixture can be made 8 hours ahead.
Stir in ice, then cover and chill.
Add ginger beer and prepare glasses just before serving.
Place salmon in a blender.
Bring chiles, cream, butter, paprika, and kosher salt to a boil in a small saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring to melt butter (adjust heat if needed to keep mixture from boiling over).
Immediately pour into blender and blend on low speed to combine.
Increase speed and blend until mixture is thick and emulsified (it should be smooth and spreadable).
Transfer nduja to an airtight container; cover and chill until set, 1 1/2–2 hours.
Meanwhile, place currants in a small bowl.
Bring vinegar to a simmer in a small saucepan and pour over currants; let sit until plumped, about 30 minutes.
Drain currants.
Spread nduja onto crackers and top with dill, chives, and pickled currants.
Sprinkle with sea salt.
Do Ahead                                        Nduja can be made 2 days ahead.
Keep chilled.
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Toast pumpkin seeds on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing halfway through, until golden brown and slightly puffed, 5–7 minutes; let cool.
Transfer to a small bowl and toss with 1 Tbsp.
oil; season with salt.
Meanwhile, toast cardamom, clove, coriander, and cumin in a dry small skillet over medium heat, tossing occasionally, until fragrant, about 2 minutes.
Remove seeds from cardamom pod; discard pod.
Finely grind seeds along with other spices in spice mill or with mortar and pestle.
Mix in a large bowl with chile, garlic, parsley, chopped cilantro, lemon juice, and remaining 1/4 cup oil; season with salt.
Add cucumber and toss.
Let sit 5 minutes.
Add peaches, avocado, and half of the pumpkin seeds to cucumber mixture and season generously with salt; toss to coat.
Taste and adjust seasoning with more salt and/or lemon juice.
Serve topped with sesame seeds, cilantro leaves, and remaining pumpkin seeds.
Preheat oven to 325°F.
Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 7–10 minutes.
Let cool, then chop.
Combine radicchio, peaches, parsley, half of scallions, and walnuts in a large bowl.
Drizzle in oil and lemon juice and toss to coat; season with salt and pepper.
Add cheese and remaining scallions, parsley, and walnuts to salad and gently toss again to combine.
Sichuan chili paste:                                        Bring ginger, sesame oil, vegetable oil, red pepper flakes, and paprika to a gentle simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat.
Let bubble gently 30 seconds, then remove from heat.
Add sesame seeds, mirin, raw sugar, miso, sake, and Sichuan peppercorns and whisk until sugar is dissolved.
Return paste to a gentle simmer, then let cool.
Miso tare:                                        Cook scallions, ginger, apple, garlic, miso, mirin, sake, toban djan, and red pepper flakes in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring, just until warm (do not let it simmer) and garlic no longer tastes raw, about 5 minutes.
Chili oil:                                        Heat oil in a small saucepan over medium-high until very hot but not quite smoking.
Add scallions and paprika; season with salt.
Cook, swirling pan often, until scallions are browned and oil is deep red, about 2 minutes.
Let cool.
Noodles and assembly:                                        Cook noodles in a large pot of boiling salted water according to package instructions until al dente.
Drain, then immediately chill in a bowl of ice water.
Drain again.
Toss cucumbers, bell pepper, and radishes with 3 Tbsp.
Sichuan chili paste in a small bowl until well coated.
Season to taste with salt.
Toss in basil.
Whisk miso tare into milk in a medium bowl, then whisk in grapefruit zest and soy sauce.
Divide noodles, then milk mixture and vegetables, among bowls.
Toss granola or other crunchy toppings of choice in a little chili oil in a small bowl and scatter over noodles; drizzle with more chili oil.
Do Ahead                                        Sichuan chili paste can be made 1 month ahead.
Cover and chill.
Miso tare can be made 1 month ahead.
Let cool; cover and chill.
Chile oil can be made 1 month ahead.
Cover and chill.
Pickled mustard seeds:                                        Place mustard seeds in a small heatproof jar or bowl.
Bring vinegar, sugar, and salt to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring to dissolve sugar and salt.
Pour brine over mustard seeds and let cool, about 2 hours.
Slaw and assembly:                                        Bring shallot and oil to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat.
Cook 1 minute (watch it carefully; you don’t want the shallot to take on any color).
Let cool, then pour oil through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl; discard shallot.
Whisk shallot oil, vinegar, soy sauce, and sugar in a small bowl to combine; season vinaigrette with salt.
Trim ends from cucumbers and very thinly slice lengthwise on a mandoline or with a vegetable peeler or sharp knife into long ribbons.
Toss cucumbers, arugula, celery, celery leaves, and dates in a large bowl to combine.
Drizzle half of dressing over slaw and add 2 Tbsp. drained pickled mustard seeds (save remaining mustard seeds for another use) and
toss again to coat.
Taste and season with salt.
Transfer slaw to a platter and top with sesame seeds.
Serve with remaining vinaigrette alongside.
Do Ahead                                        Mustard seeds can be pickled 1 week ahead.
Cover and chill.
Vinaigrette can be made 2 days ahead.
Cover and chill.
Bring to room temperature before using.
Whisk mustard powder, fish sauce, 1/2 tsp. demerara sugar, and 1 Tbsp
. very hot water in a medium bowl until sugar is dissolved; season with salt and plenty of pepper.
Add steak to bowl and turn several times to coat.
Let sit while you make the vinaigrette.
Whisk chile, lime juice, 2 Tbsp. olive oil, and remaining 1/2 tsp.
demerara sugar in a large bowl; set vinaigrette aside.
Heat vegetable oil in a medium skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium-high.
Add steak and cook, turning every couple of minutes, until nicely browned and medium-rare, 7–10 minutes.
Add butter to skillet, then tilt skillet toward you and use a large spoon to baste steak with foaming butter for a minute longer.
Transfer steak to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, add watercress, cucumbers, and mint leaves to bowl with reserved vinaigrette and toss to combine; season salad with salt and pepper.
Top with peanuts and drizzle with olive oil.
Slice steak and serve with salad.
Lemon-Caper Aioli:                                        Place capers in a small bowl and pour in warm water to cover.
Let soak 20 minutes.
Drain, rinse, and pat dry.
Coarsely chop.
Whisk capers, mayonnaise, oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, mustard, and garlic in a medium bowl; taste and season with salt and more lemon juice, if desired.
Assembly:                                        Shape lamb into 4 patties about 1" thick, season with salt, and let sit at room temperature 30 minutes.
Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in a large skillet, ideally cast iron, over medium.
Cook lamb patties, working in batches if needed, until browned (they won’t take on as much color as a beef burger), 5–7 minutes.
Turn and cook until browned on second side, about 5 minutes for medium-rare.
Transfer patties to a plate and let rest 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, toss celery, fennel, fennel fronds (if using), onion, lemon juice, dried mint, and remaining 2 Tbsp. oil in a medium bowl.
Season slaw with salt and pepper.
Generously spread aioli on cut sides of buns and build each burger with a lamb patty, 3 or 4 boquerones, and a mound of slaw.
This is a messy burger, so the bib is not optional.
Do Ahead                                        Aioli can be made 1 day ahead.
Cover and chill.
If using fresh bananas, peel, then arrange in a single layer on a large plate or parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet.
Freeze until firm, at least 2 hours or up to overnight.
Purée frozen bananas in a food processor, scraping bowl as needed, until creamy, 6–8 minutes.
Divide ice cream among serving bowls, or freeze in an airtight container at least 2 hours before scooping and serving.
Do Ahead                                        Bananas can be frozen up to 3 months ahead.
Cook bacon in a dry medium skillet over medium heat, turning slices occasionally, until brown and crisp, 5–8 minutes.
Transfer to paper towels; let cool.
Cook ginger in a small saucepan of boiling water 1 minute. Drain ginger and rinse under cold water; set aside.
Whisk soy sauce, tahini, miso, fish sauce, sesame oil, sugar, and 2 Tbsp.
lemon juice in a small bowl until smooth.
Whisk egg yolk and remaining 2 Tbsp. lemon juice in a medium bowl to combine.
Very gradually stream in 1/2 cup vegetable oil (almost drop by drop), whisking constantly until mayonnaise is emulsified and thick.
Still whisking constantly, gradually add soy sauce mixture, then remaining 1/4 cup oil.
Thin dressing with a tablespoon or two of water if needed; you want it to be the consistency of heavy cream.
Season with salt and pepper.
Toss chicken and 1/2 cup dressing in a large bowl to coat.
Add lettuce and another 1/2 cup dressing and toss again; season with salt and pepper.
Crumble bacon over.
Transfer salad to a serving bowl or platter and drizzle another tablespoon or so of dressing over salad (you may have some left over).
Top with scallions, sesame seeds, and reserved ginger.
Do Ahead                                        Dressing can be made 1 day ahead.
Cover and chill.
Prepare a grill for medium-high heat or preheat broiler.
If broiling, place chiles on a rimmed baking sheet.
Grill, broil, or roast chiles directly over flame on stovetop, turning occasionally, until very tender and blackened all over, 10–12 minutes.
Poblanos might take a little longer, so test doneness with a paring knife.
Transfer chiles to a large bowl.
Cover with plastic wrap and let steam 15 minutes.
Peel chiles.
Halve lengthwise, discard seeds, and chop into 1/4" pieces.
Meanwhile, bring a medium pot of generously salted water to a boil.
Cook shrimp until just opaque and pink, 2–3 minutes.
Using a slotted spoon, transfer to an ice bath and let sit until cool, about 3 minutes. Drain and pat dry.
Mix chiles, tomato, jalapeños, Clamato juice, ketchup, olives, cilantro, onion, oregano, garlic, lime juice, oil, and 1/4 tsp.
salt in a large bowl.
Carefully fold in shrimp, crab, and avocado.
Transfer to a serving bowl or tall sundae glass and top with bay leaf, if using.
Serve with tortilla chips alongside.
Do Ahead                                        Salsa base (without seafood and avocado) can be made 1 day ahead.
Transfer to a resealable container and chill.
Roasted ginger tomatoes:                                        Preheat oven to 325°. Toss garlic, thyme, orange zest, ginger, tomatoes, orange juice, oil, brown sugar, salt, and a pinch of pepper in a 13x9” baking dish.
Roast, gently tossing mixture every 20 minutes, until tomatoes are tender and just bursting but still intact, 50–60 minutes.
Pluck out and discard thyme and orange zest.
Charred peas and onions:                                        Separate spring onion stems from bulbs.
Cut stems in half lengthwise, then cut crosswise into 2” pieces.
Slice bulbs through root end into quarters.
Heat a dry medium skillet, preferably cast iron, over high.
Add 1 Tbsp.
oil, then sugar snap peas, and shake pan so sugar snaps spread out in a single layer.
Cook, tossing once, until charred on both sides, about 4 minutes.
Transfer to a large bowl.
Heat remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in same skillet.
Add spring onion stems and bulbs, arranging in a single layer.
Cook, tossing once, until charred, about 4 minutes.
Transfer to bowl with sugar snap peas; season with salt.
Pasta and assembly:                                        Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain, transfer to a large bowl, and let cool, tossing around now and again to make sure it's not sticking.
Add tomato mixture, sugar snap peas and spring onions, lemon juice, 1 1/2 cups basil, and 1 1/2 cups mint to pasta and toss gently to combine (you don't want to break up the tomatoes too much); season with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice if desired.
Serve pasta salad topped with remaining 1/2 cup basil and 1/2 cup mint and a drizzle of oil.
Arrange the individual cheese slices and open the buns on a platter or cutting board near your cooking surface.
Once the burgers start to cook, you will need them quickly.
Divide the meat into 10 even portions.
Roll each one into a meatball about the size of a ping-pong ball.
Dice the onion medium-fine and place in a small bowl.
Add warm salted water just to cover and set beside the stove.
Heat a skillet over high heat until very hot.
If you have an infrared thermometer, the skillet should register at least 500°F (250°C).
Or test by brushing on a bit of oil.
When the skillet starts to smoke, it is ready.
While the skillet is heating, working one at a time, flatten a meatball slightly and sprinkle it liberally on both sides with kosher salt.
Salt drives much of this recipe.
Brush oil onto the skillet and place the flattened ball on it.
Just after it hits the pan, flip it over and using a solid, reinforced metal spatula, press hard to flatten it.
You want it really thin.
Do this just once, while the meat is still cold.
After the burger has sizzled for about 30 to 40 seconds, top with about a tablespoon (15 g) of the watery onions.
This will produce a good amount of onion fumes.
That’s okay.
Spread the water and onions as evenly as you can and press them gently into the meat; don’t squish down hard.
Wait another 30 seconds and taking great care to lift the meat from the pan with its crust intact, flip it over.
Immediately put a slice of cheese on the meat and a bottom bun on top of the cheese.
Wait another 10 to 15 seconds and remove onto a top bun.
Invert onto serving platter and repeat to make 10 sliders.
Serve with condiments of your choice.
Rinse the quinoa well and place it in a pot with the vegetable broth and bring to a boil.
Reduce the heat, stir in the pieces of lemon zest, cover, and cook for 15 minutes.
Remove from the heat, stir, and remove and discard the pieces of lemon zest.
Allow the quinoa to cool slightly.
Meanwhile, put a large pot of water on the stove to boil, drop the asparagus and snow peas into the boiling water, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until crisp-tender (do not overcook; the vegetables should still be slightly firm).
Remove from the pot with a slotted spoon and drop into a bowl of ice water. Drain.
Combine the cooked quinoa, asparagus, snow peas, kohlrabi, and radishes in a large bowl.
Add the remaining ingredients and mix well.
Season with freshly ground black pepper and sea salt, if desired.
Chill for 1 to 2 hours before serving to allow flavors to mingle.
Combine the soy sauce, mirin, sesame oil, tobanjan, and sugar in a medium mixing bowl and stir until the sugar dissolves.
Add the tuna and avocado to the bowl, toss well, and set aside to marinate for a few minutes but no more than 5 minutes.
Divide the rice among 4 wide bowls.
Top each bowl with the tuna and avocado, leaving the sauce behind.
Then drizzle the sauce over the tuna and avocado.
Tear the nori into small pieces and scatter some over each bowl; top with the shiso and sesame seeds.
Eat right away.
Combine the sugar, lemon zest, and water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar.
Remove the mixture from the heat, pour into a large bowl, and allow to cool completely.
Add the Cointreau or Grand Marnier and lemon juice and stir to mix thoroughly.
Cover and refrigerate until well chilled, at least 4 hours.
Churn the mixture in the ice cream maker according to the manufacturer’s instructions.
Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm, at least 1 hour.
Serve the ice in paper cups or small bowls.
Whisk chiles, garlic, lime juice, sugar, soy sauce, and salt in a small bowl. Pour half of sauce into a shallow dish; reserve remaining sauce.
Add 1 Tbsp.
oil to sauce in shallow dish and whisk to combine.
Add tofu and gently toss; set aside to marinate.
Prepare a grill for medium-high heat (or heat a grill pan over medium-high).
If using grill, arrange beans in grill basket and place on hot grill.
Cover and grill, turning once halfway through, until beans are lightly charred and crisp-tender, about 8 minutes.
If using grill pan, cook beans directly on pan, tossing occasionally, until well charred and cooked through, about 10 minutes.
Remove tofu from marinade, reserving marinade, and transfer to a plate; pat dry.
Brush grill and tofu with oil and grill tofu, turning once halfway through, until lightly charred, 2–3 minutes per side.
If using grill, be careful when turning, as tofu may stick.
Transfer to plate and drizzle with reserved marinade.
Toss beans, mango, carrot, and 1/2 cup chopped cilantro with reserved sauce.
Transfer to a platter and arrange tofu and avocados alongside.
Top with peanuts and 1 Tbsp.
cilantro leaves.
Arrange lettuce leaves on another platter.
To serve, wrap tofu, avocado, and bean mixture in lettuce leaves.
Put the grated zucchini in a colander placed over a large bowl.
Salt it lightly, tossing gently to mix.
Set aside for 30 minutes to drain.
Preheat the oven to 325°F (170°C).
Butter a 9x9-inch cake pan.
Sift the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder, and 3/4 teaspoon salt into a bowl.
Combine the sugar, butter, oil, eggs, and vanilla in another large bowl.
Using an electric mixer (handheld is fine), beat the ingredients on medium-high speed for 2 minutes, until well blended.
Add one-third of the dry mixture to the liquid and blend it in on low speed.
Beat in half of the sour cream, followed by another third of the dry mixture, the rest of the sour cream, and the remaining dry mixture.
The batter will start to get heavier late in the mixing, and you may want to do the last bit of mixing with a wooden spoon or rubber spatula.
Lift the zucchini out of the colander and give it a gentle squeeze, but don’t squeeze out all the moisture.
Add the zucchini to the batter and fold it in with a rubber spatula until evenly mixed. Scrape the batter into the pan and smooth with a spoon.
Bake the cake on the middle oven rack for 60 to 70 minutes, until a tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.
Transfer the cake to a cooling rack and cool thoroughly.
When the cake has cooled, prepare the glaze, rewarming it if it has firmed up.
When it has thickened slightly but is still thin enough to pour easily, slowly pour it over the cake, tilting the cake to spread it around.
Cool for at least 10 minutes before slicing and serving.
Process frozen pineapple, coconut milk, banana, and salt in a food processor until very smooth.
Divide among glasses or cups and garnish with pineapple wedges, if using.
Make the pesto:                                        Combine the first five ingredients in a food processor and pulse until the mixture is evenly combined yet still coarse in texture.
You may need to add the spinach in batches if your processor has a small or medium-size container.
Stop the machine and season the mixture gently with salt and pepper; taste to see if you'd like to add more lemon juice, then pulse a few times to mix.
Make the pizza:                                        Bake pizza dough rounds in a preheated 425°F oven for 15 minutes, until crust is golden.
Spread pizza crust with pesto, then load up with sliced heirloom tomatoes.
Sprinkle with salt and pepper and top with plenty of thinly sliced basil leaves.
Some Vegan Parmesan-style cheese and fresh oregano leaves would add a nice touch, too.
This can be served at room temperature.
Preheat the oven to 350°F/180°C/160°C fan/gas 4.
Melt the butter in a small pan, then remove from the heat and leave to cool a little.
Grease eight holes of the friand (or muffin) tin with a little bit of butter.
Blitz 85g (2/3 cup) of the pistachio nuts in a food processor with the confectioners' sugar until very finely chopped.
Tip into a bowl with the ground almonds and flour and mix together.
Roughly chop the remaining pistachio nuts and set aside.
Froth the egg whites lightly with a fork, then pour into the nuts and flour mixture with the melted butter and mix well.
Pour the mixture into the friand tin holes, add a few raspberries to each one, then scatter with the chopped pistachios.
Bake for 20–25 minutes until the friands are risen and springy to the touch and a skewer inserted comes out clean.
Serve warm or at room temperature.
Dust with a little confectioners' sugar if you like.
They should be light and chewy!
Twist: Pecan Pie Friands:
Make the friand recipe above, swapping pistachios for 100g (1 cup) pecans and the raspberries for 75g (2.6 oz) chewy toffee, chopped into small pieces.
Sprinkle the toffee over the friand batter before baking.
Blitz the digestive biscuits in a food processor until they are finely ground, or put them into a sealable bag, seal the bag and crush with a rolling pin.
There shouldn’t be any large pieces remaining.
Make My Favourite Vanilla Cupcakes recipe, adding the digestive biscuit crumbs with the flour in step 1.
To make the filling, finely chop the chocolate and put it into a small bowl.
Heat the butter and cream in a saucepan until steaming hot but not boiling, then pour over the chocolate.
Remove from the heat and leave to stand for a minute before stirring to form a smooth ganache.
If any lumps of chocolate remain, put the bowl into the microwave for ten seconds then stir; repeat until the lumps are gone.
Chill in the fridge for 30 minutes or so, until it is firm and scoopable.
To make the marshmallow topping, put the sugar, golden syrup and 2 tablespoons of water into a saucepan and cook over a medium-high heat without stirring until the mixture reaches the soft-ball stage (244°F/118°C on a candy thermometer).
If you don't have a thermometer, the mixture is ready when the bubbles start to stick together in the pan and it drips off a spoon in a steady stream.
Remove from the heat.
Put the egg whites into a clean, grease-free bowl and whisk with an electric hand-held whisk until soft peaks form.
With the whisk on low, carefully pour the hot sugar onto the egg whites, whisking all the time.
When all the sugar has been added, increase the speed to high and whip until the sides of the bowl feel only slightly warm and the mixture is thick and glossy.
Add the vanilla extract at the end.
This icing is easiest to pipe when it is warm, so transfer immediately to a piping bag fitted with a large circular nozzle or with the tip cut off.
To assemble, use a sharp knife or specialist cupcake corer to make a circular incision in the center of each cupcake, remove the center and fill each one with a teaspoon of the chocolate filling.
Pipe a large mound of marshmallow topping on the top of each cupcake, covering the chocolate filling.
Use a blowtorch, if you have one, to lightly brown each one, avoiding the paper case as this will burn.
You could use the broiler to brown the marshmallow topping, but watch carefully because it is more difficult to control the color and prevent it burning.
To finish, chop the chocolate squares finely and sprinkle over the top of the marshmallow.
Preheat the oven to 250°F/120°C/100°C fan/the lowest gas mark and line a baking sheet with baking parchment or a reusable baking sheet.
Make the meringue mixture then sprinkle the raspberry powder over the top and fold through a few times.
You want to see ripples of raspberry, so don’t mix it in completely.
Spoon onto the baking sheet and spread it out into a large rectangle that is the same thickness all over.
Bake for three hours so the meringue is completely dried out and crisp.
To ensure a crunchy shell and soft, chewy middle, I like to turn the oven off and leave the meringue to cool in the oven overnight.
If you don’t have time, just leave it to cool on the tray until completely cold.
Whip the cream into soft peaks and just before serving, spoon it onto the top of the meringue. Arrange the peach slices on top of the cream, fanning them out, then sprinkle the pomegranate seeds on top.
Weigh the shredded cabbage (as cabbages vary in size and weight) to ensure the salt to cabbage
ratio is correct.
The amount of salt you use should come to about 1.5–2.5%, but no more than 3%, of the cabbage weight.
In a large bowl, mix and massage the salt through the cabbage thoroughly, making sure to distribute the salt evenly.
Let it sit to sweat a bit—maybe 10 minutes.
This is simply to make the next step easier.
This is a good time to get your vessel cleaned and to rest up for the next stage.
With your pounder, pound quite energetically for about 5–10 minutes, until the cabbage is dripping with its own salty water when you pick up a handful.
This part is important as you need this liquid—
it’s your brine.
You can also use the dough hook of a stand mixer to do the pounding part, which can speed
things up somewhat. Don’t let it run for too long though, only a few minutes.
Using a mixer is
easy and great for people who are doing this a lot and in large batches, but it takes quite a bit
of the emotional release and fun out of it.
Next, mix in the caraway seeds (if using).
Put the mixture into the jar, packing it down tightly as you go using the pounder.
Push down well, particularly at the end to coax out any more brine.
You need the brine to cover the cabbage.
Don’t pack the cabbage all the way to the top; leave some headroom at the top of the jar to allow for a bit of growth and movement and, of course, the weight.
You don’t want the liquid touching the top of the lid, as it will end up spewing out of your air-lock or up out of your lid.
Cover with a cabbage leaf (the follower), the weight and then your chosen lid or system.
Depending on your ferment, you can start trying it as soon as you’d like, but the less you fiddle with it in the first 2 weeks, the better.
It is ready when you think it is delicious.
With the right system and temperature, you can leave it to ferment for months before refrigeration.
If you used a crock, you’ll need to decant the kraut to smaller jars before you refrigerate, unless you have a walk-in cool room, or large cellar.
(Lucky you.)
It will keep in the fridge for 12 months or more.
Use your senses.
Prepare a grill for medium heat.
Combine onion and vinegar in a large bowl and let sit 10 minutes.
Mix in sugar and a generous pinch of salt, then add chiles; set chile mixture aside.
Toss zucchini on a rimmed baking sheet with 3 Tbsp.
oil; season with salt.
Grill, turning halfway through, until steamy and tender within and charred all over, 12–16 minutes.
Transfer back to baking sheet and let cool slightly.
Tear zucchini into 1 1/2"–2" pieces and add to reserved chile mixture.
Add remaining 1/4 cup oil and toss to coat; season with salt.
Add mint and toss gently just to distribute.
Let sit 5 minutes to allow flavors to come together.
Transfer zucchini mixture to a platter with a slotted spoon; top with more mint.
Whisk peanut butter, soy sauce, vinegar, honey, and garlic in a small bowl until smooth.
Gradually add vegetable oil, whisking constantly until emulsified.
Whisk coconut milk, lime juice, fish sauce, shallot, and brown sugar in a small bowl until smooth.
Gradually add oil, whisking constantly until emulsified.
Do Ahead:                                        Dressing can be made 1 day ahead.
Cover and chill.
For the filling:                                        Heat the oil in a skillet over medium-high heat and cook the onion until it begins to wilt, about 2 minutes.
Add the meat and sear, chopping with a spatula into small pieces until the pink color is gone.
Add the garlic and chile and cook for 2 minutes or until the garlic is soft.
Add the salt, chili powder, black pepper, cumin, and a tablespoon of water, mix well, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until well blended.
Assembly:                                        To assemble the tacos, put 1/4 cup meat mixture, then 1/4 cup each cheese, chopped tomato, and lettuce on each taco shell.
Drizzle with salsa if desired.
Prepare a grill for high heat.
Whisk garlic, oregano, salt, red pepper, and 2 Tbsp.
oil in a large bowl.
Add shrimp, zucchini, and tomatoes and toss to coat.
Brush wires of grill basket with oil, then add shrimp mixture. Arrange in an even layer and close basket.
Place grill basket on grill and cook, turning often, until shrimp is fully cooked through and zucchini and tomatoes are lightly charred, about 6 minutes.
Meanwhile, grill pita just until warm and toasted.
Transfer shrimp mixture to a large bowl and toss until coated with tomato juices.
Divide among plates and top with feta.
Serve with pita alongside.
Prepare a grill for medium heat.
Zest 2 tsp. lemon zest off lemon and transfer to a large bowl.
Cut off ends, then squeeze 1 Tbsp.
lemon juice into bowl with zest.
Slice remaining lemon into thin rounds.
Whisk garlic, salt, paprika, and 3 Tbsp.
oil into lemon juice and zest.
Add lemon slices, chicken, leeks, bell pepper, and potatoes and toss to coat.
Brush wires of grill basket with oil, then add chicken mixture. Arrange in an even layer and close basket.
Place grill basket on grill, cover, and cook, turning once halfway through, until chicken is fully cooked through and vegetables are lightly charred, 20–25 minutes.
Transfer chicken mixture to a large bowl, add parsley, and toss to combine.
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Grease an 18x13" rimmed baking sheet with butter or spray.
Blend eggs, milk, salt, and pepper in a blender until well combined.
Place prepared baking sheet on oven rack and carefully pour in egg mixture.
Bake until just set in the middle, 12–14 minutes.
Let cool slightly, then cut into 18–20 squares.
Do Ahead                                        Eggs can be made 3 days ahead.
Slice, transfer to an airtight container, and chill.
Warm slightly in a toaster oven or microwave before serving, if desired.
Heat the oil, broth, or water in a medium skillet.
Add the onion and sauté. until golden.
Add the bell pepper, barbecue sauce, and chili powder, then stir in the chickpeas.
Cook over medium heat until the sauce is reduced and envelops the chickpeas and veggies nicely, about 8 minutes.
Place whole or half pitas on each serving plate, depending on appetites and what else is being served.
Insert a generous amount of lettuce and sprouts and a few slices of tomato into each pita, followed by the chickpea mixture.
Eat at once, out of hand.
Variations:                                        Substitute 8 ounces of well-drained, well-blotted extra-firm tofu or tempeh, cut into 1/2- inch dice, for the chickpeas.
Add half a medium ripe avocado, peeled and thinly sliced, to the sandwiches with the lettuce and tomato.
Combine all ingredients in a mixing bowl and mix well.
If time allows, cover and let stand at room temperature for an hour or so to allow the flavors to combine more fully.
If you need to use it right away, go ahead—it will still be quite good.
Combine the yeast with 2 cups warm water in a medium bowl.
Let stand for 10 minutes to dissolve.
Stir in the oil and sugar.
In a large mixing bowl, combine the flours and salt.
Make a well in the center and stir in the yeast mixture.
Work everything together, first with a wooden spoon and then with your hands, to form a dough.
Turn out the dough onto a well-floured board and knead it for 8 minutes, adding flour until the dough loses its stickiness.
Place the dough in a floured bowl, cover it with a tea towel, and put it in a warm place.
Let it rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 to 1 1/2 hours.
Punch the dough down and divide it into two rounds.
Roll out one round on a well-floured board into a circle about 12 to 14 inches in diameter.
Repeat with the other round.
Sprinkle two 12–14-inch pizza pans with cornmeal.
Lay the rounds on the pans and stretch to fit.
Arrange the toppings of your choice on the dough and bake as directed.
Toast juniper berries in a dry small skillet over medium heat, tossing often, until fragrant and skins are very glossy, about 1 minute.
Let cool slightly, then crush with a mortar and pestle (or place in a resealable plastic bag and crush with a rolling pin).
Transfer berries to a small saucepan.
Add sugar and 1/4 cup water and bring to a simmer, stirring to dissolve sugar.
Remove from heat and let sit 30 minutes.
Strain juniper syrup through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl; discard solids.
Place bowl in a bowl of ice water and let juniper syrup sit, stirring occasionally, until cold, about 30 minutes.
Stir juniper syrup, grape juice, gin, and lime juice in a large measuring glass or a medium pitcher; taste and add more lime juice if needed.
Divide mixture among ice-pop molds and freeze until liquid is beginning to crystallize, about 1 hour.
Cover and insert sticks (waiting until liquid is slushy ensures straight sticks), then freeze ice pops until solid, at least 4 hours but preferably overnight.
Dip molds briefly in hot water to release pops.
Do Ahead                                        Ice pops can be made 1 week ahead.
Keep frozen.
Cook bacon in a large broilerproof skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium heat, turning occasionally, until brown and crisp, 8–10 minutes.
Using tongs, transfer bacon to a small bowl and save for taco filling.
Pour off 2 Tbsp.
bacon fat from skillet; set aside for making tortillas.
Set skillet with remaining fat aside for making taco filling.
Bring oil, 3/4 cup milk, and reserved 2 Tbsp.
bacon fat to a simmer in a small saucepan (be careful not to boil); immediately remove from heat.
Whisk baking powder, salt, and 3 cups flour in a medium bowl to combine.
Pour in hot milk mixture and remaining 1/2 cup milk.
Mix with your hands until a shaggy dough forms.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 4 minutes.
Wrap in plastic and let rest at room temperature 1 hour to relax dough.
Divide dough into 16 Ping-Pong–size balls (about 1 1/2").
Working one at a time and keeping remaining balls covered with a kitchen towel, roll out on a lightly floured surface to 6" rounds.
Heat a comal, griddle, or a clean large cast-iron skillet over medium.
Working in batches, cook tortillas, reducing heat if they are getting dark too quickly, until brown in spots on bottom sides and air bubbles form on surface, about 2 minutes. Poke large bubbles with a fork to release steam, flip tortillas, and cook until brown in spots on second sides, 1–2 minutes.
Stack and wrap tortillas in a kitchen towel as you go.
This will keep them warm until you are ready to assemble your tacos.
Prepare a grill for medium-high heat.
Rub sweet potatoes with 2 Tbsp. oil and wrap tightly in foil
—you can wrap them on their own or put 2 in each packet.
Grill, turning every 5 minutes or so, until tender, 30–45 minutes.
Unwrap and let cool slightly.
(Or, steam in a basket set over a pot filled with 1" of boiling water 30–35 minutes.
If not using right away, let cool, then cover and chill until ready to grill—up to 2 days.)
Meanwhile, bring honey, vinegar, and a big pinch of kosher salt to a boil in a small saucepan over medium-high (you can do this on the grill if you want), reduce heat, and simmer until just beginning to thicken, about 4 minutes.
Keep warm.
Cut sweet potatoes in half lengthwise.
Rub cut surfaces with 1 Tbsp.
oil total; season with kosher salt.
Grill, cut side down, without turning, until lightly charred, about 5 minutes.
Transfer to a cutting board and brush with honey glaze.
Arrange sweet potatoes on a platter and drizzle with more glaze and remaining 1 Tbsp. oil.
Season with sea salt and pepper.
Bring ginger, chile, garlic, mirin, soy sauce, sake, sugar, and 1 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan.
Reduce heat and simmer mixture, stirring occasionally, until reduced by half, 15–20 minutes.
Let cool.
Strain tare through a fine-mesh sieve into a heatproof measuring glass or small bowl; discard solids.
Set aside 1/4 cup tare.
Pour remaining tare into a large resealable plastic bag.
Season salmon lightly with salt and place in bag.
Seal bag and turn salmon to coat.
Chill at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours (go the full time for the most flavor).
Prepare a grill for medium heat.
You want moderate heat for fatty fish like salmon so the fat can slowly render while the skin gets nice and crisp.
Clean grate well with a wire brush.
Just before you set salmon on the grill, fold up a paper towel and hold it with a pair of long tongs.
Dip paper towel in oil and wipe down grate.
Remove salmon from tare, letting excess drip back into bag; discard tare in bag.
Grill salmon, skin side down, brushing occasionally with reserved 1/4 cup tare, until skin is lightly charred and crisp, 5–7 minutes.
Turn salmon and grill until other side is lightly charred (don’t brush this side with tare), about 5 minutes.
Transfer salmon collars to a platter.
Preheat the oven to 350°F/180°C/160°C fan/gas 4.
Line the cupcake tin with 12 cupcake cases.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the flour, sugar, butter, and baking powder using the paddle attachment.
Mix on a low speed until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.
You shouldn't see any large lumps of butter.
Alternatively, use your fingers to rub the butter into the flour and sugar.
In a small jug, use a fork to blend the eggs, milk, and vanilla bean paste together.
Add the mixture a little at a time to the bowl, beating until it is all combined.
Keep beating for a few minutes more, until the mixture is uniform and smooth with no lumps.
Divide the mixture between the cases evenly, filling each one no more than two-thirds full.
Bake in the preheated oven for 16–18 minutes, until a skewer inserted comes out clean and the cakes are a pale golden brown.
Don’t be tempted to over-bake here; get them out as soon as the skewer is clean.
The last thing you want is dry cakes!
Leave to cool for five minutes in the tin, then remove and leave to cool completely on a cooling rack.
Do not attempt to core, fill or decorate them until they are cold.
Preheat the oven to 400°F/200°C/180°C fan/gas 6 and line a large baking sheet with baking parchment.
Pour the sugar onto the sheet and spread it out into an even layer.
Warm in the oven for 5–6 minutes, until it feels hot to the touch and the very edges of the sugar are starting to melt.
While the sugar is heating up, put the egg whites into a large clean and grease-free bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer.
You’ll need an electric hand-held whisk or stand mixer to get the volume required for great meringue; don’t try to do it by hand.
Whisk the whites until they form stiff peaks.
You should be able to tip the bowl upside down without anything falling out—when you can do this you know it is ready.
Carefully whisk the hot sugar into the egg whites, adding a spoonful at a time and fully mixing in each one before adding the next.
If you do this too quickly, the meringue may collapse, so add it slowly and carefully.
Avoid using any of the melted sugar from the edges of the baking sheet– this will not dissolve properly.
When all the sugar has been added, turn the mixer speed up and whisk for 8–10 minutes or until the mixture is really thick and glossy.
If you rub a small amount between your fingers, you shouldn’t be able to feel any grains of sugar but, if it still feels gritty, continue to whisk for a few more minutes until it feels smooth.
Your meringue is now ready to bake.
To make the taco filling:                                        In a medium saucepan, warm the olive oil over medium heat until shimmering.
Add the garlic, chili powder, and cumin.
Cook until fragrant, stirring constantly, about 30 seconds.
Add the tomato paste and sauté for another minute, stirring constantly.
Add the rinsed quinoa and water, and stir to combine.
Bring the mixture to a gentle boil, then cover the pot and reduce the heat as necessary to maintain a gentle simmer.
Cook until the liquid is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes (the quinoa might not be fluffy yet, but don’t worry).
Remove the pot from the heat and let it rest, still covered, for 5 minutes.
Then, uncover and fluff the quinoa with a fork.
Gently stir in the black beans and salt.
Season to taste with pepper and additional salt, if necessary.
Cover and set aside for a couple of minutes to warm up the beans.
To make the tortilla strips:                                        In a large skillet, warm the olive oil over medium heat until shimmering.
Toss in the tortilla strips, sprinkle them with salt, and stir.
Cook until the strips are crispy and turning golden, stirring occasionally, 5 to 10 minutes.
Drain the tortilla strips on a plate covered with a piece of paper towel.
To make the dressing:                                        In a small food processor or blender, combine the lime juice, olive oil, and water.
Using a spoon, scoop in the half avocado and add the cilantro, jalapeño, garlic, and salt.
Process until the dressing is nice and smooth.
The dressing should be zippy, but if it’s unpleasantly tart or difficult to blend, dilute it with 1 to 2 tablespoons of water and blend again.
To assemble the salads:                                        Combine the romaine and arugula in a large bowl.
Wait to dress the salad until you are ready to serve, as the greens wilt fairly quickly once dressed.
(If you won’t be consuming all 4 servings of this salad right away, portion off the greens you’d like to save for later, and dress only the greens you intend to eat now.)
When you’re ready, drizzle the mixture with just enough dressing to lightly coat the greens (you might have extra).
Toss until the dressing is evenly distributed.
Arrange the dressed greens in 4 individual salad bowls (or dinner plates, if your bowls are on the small side).
Top each salad with taco filling, tomatoes, radishes, crispy tortilla strips, and feta.
Slice the remaining avocado half into long strips and place a couple of strips on each salad.
Serve immediately.
If you have leftover dressing, press plastic wrap against the surface to prevent browning and store it in the refrigerator for later.
Leftover tortilla strips tend to become unpalatably tough within a couple of hours, so you might want to skip those and add a few crushed tortilla chips to leftovers.
Place all the ingredients except the salsa in a large bowl and mix well.
Process the salsa in a blender jar until fairly smooth and pour over the vegetable mixture.
Toss to mix.
Cover and refrigerate for 2 to 4 hours to allow the flavors to blend.
Make the vinaigrette:                                        Combine all ingredients in a tightly lidded bottle and shake thoroughly.
Shake well before
each use.
For the salad:                                        Steam the green beans just until bright green and tender-crisp.
Err on the side of undercooking rather than overcooking.
Drain and rinse with cool water until they’re at room temperature.
On a large serving platter or large shallow serving bowl, arrange the lettuce or greens. Scatter the basil or parsley over it.
Arrange the green beans, tofu, tomatoes, beans, olives, and artichoke hearts, if desired, in separate mounds over the lettuce or greens.
Top everything with a few thinly sliced rings of red onion if you like.
Drizzle a little vinaigrette over the salad, then serve at once, passing the remainder of the vinaigrette at the table.
Drain the tofu and cut into 8 slabs crosswise.
Blot well between paper towels or clean kitchen towels (or use a tofu press).
Cut each slab into strips.
Combine the remaining ingredients in a small bowl and whisk together. Arrange the tofu slices in a single layer in a shallow container or baking dish and pour enough marinade over them to cover.
Let stand for an hour or two—the longer the better.
Shortly before you’d like to bake the tofu, preheat the oven to 400°F.
If this is the only thing you’re making, use a toaster oven—it’s the perfect size.
Remove the tofu slices from the marinade and transfer to a parchment-lined baking pan in a single layer.
If you’re using the full-size oven, roast some veggies at the same time (I like to use the excess marinade to roast eggplant or green beans).
Bake for 20 minutes, then turn the strips and bake for 15 to 20 minutes longer, or until the tofu is firm and starting to turn light brown along the edges.
Variations:                                        Add 1 teaspoon liquid smoke (or more to taste) to the marinade for a subtle smoky
flavor.
Instead of baking, cook these tofu slices on a grill.
About 5 minutes per side should do—make sure there are nice grill marks on each side.
Preheat the oven to 250°F.
Cut the skin into large, wide pieces, about 6 inches long by 4 inches wide.
Place the skin on a rack set over a baking sheet and bake for 1 hour.
Lower the heat to 200°F and bake for 2 to 3 more hours, until the skin is a dark caramel brown and the top is no longer moist or sticky.
(The bottom may still be slightly moist with fat.)
Wash the rack and baking sheet, return the rack to the pan, and set them next to the stove.
Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat.
When very hot (at least 320°F), add a piece of pork skin.
After about 30 seconds, it should bubble and puff up into a chicharrón.
Flip if necessary to make sure both sides are cooked.
Once puffy and golden brown, transfer to your prepared baking sheet and season with salt.
Repeat with the remaining pieces of pork skin.
Serve as soon as the pieces have cooled, with salsa or guacamole if desired.
Or store the pieces in an airtight container for snacking later.
They will keep for up to 5 days.
Bring the cream to a near boil in a small saucepan.
Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the vanilla or espresso powder.
Immediately add the chocolate chips.
Tilt the pan this way and that so the hot cream runs over them.
Set the pan aside for 5 minutes, then stir the mixture briefly to start smoothing it out.
Let the mixture rest for another 2 to 3 minutes, then whisk briefly, until smooth.
The glaze will be a little runny at first, perfect for drizzling on pound cakes and Bundt-type cakes.
If you want slightly thicker coverage, such as on a cheesecake or sheet cake, you can let the glaze cool slightly before spreading it.
If the sauce cools and starts to thicken and you need to rewarm it to thin it out, heat it very gently in a saucepan.
You can also reheat it in a microwavable container, but proceed carefully so you don’t burn the chocolate—microwave for no more than 15 seconds at a time, stirring between each round.
Pat wings very dry with paper towels.
Toss wings, oil, 1 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp.
pepper in a large bowl to coat.
Prepare a grill for two zones, medium and medium-high, or heat a grill pan over medium.
Working in batches if necessary, grill wings over medium heat, turning occasionally, until skin is starting to brown and fat is rendering, about 12 minutes.
Move wings to medium-high zone of grill or increase heat under grill pan to medium-high.
Cook wings, moving to a cooler section of grill or reducing heat if they start to burn, until cooked through, an instant-read thermometer inserted into the flesh but not touching the bone registers 165°F, and skin is crisp and lightly charred, 5–10 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk gochujang and 1/4 cup hot water in a large bowl.
Transfer wings to bowl with gochujang and toss to coat.
Transfer to a platter.
Top with scallions, season with salt and pepper, and serve immediately.
Pat wings very dry with paper towels. Whisk garlic, herbs, oil, 1 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp.
pepper in a large bowl.
Add wings and toss to coat.
Cover bowl with plastic wrap or transfer wings and marinade to a resealable plastic bag.
Chill at least 30 minutes or up to overnight.
Prepare a grill for two zones, medium and medium-high, or heat a grill pan over medium.
Working in batches if necessary, grill wings over medium heat, turning occasionally, until skin is starting to brown and fat is rendering, about 12 minutes.
Move wings to medium-high zone of grill or increase heat under grill pan to medium-high.
Cook wings, moving to a cooler section of grill or reducing heat if they start to burn, until cooked through, an instant-read thermometer inserted into the flesh but not touching the bone registers 165°F, and skin is crisp and lightly charred, 5–10 minutes.
Transfer wings to a platter.
Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately.
Do Ahead                                        Wings can be marinated 1 day ahead; keep chilled.
Pat wings very dry with paper towels. Whisk yogurt, curry powder, oil, 1 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper in a large bowl.
Add wings and toss to coat.
Cover bowl with plastic wrap or transfer wings and marinade to a resealable plastic bag.
Chill at least 30 minutes.
Prepare a grill for two zones, medium and medium-high, or heat a grill pan over medium.
Working in batches if necessary, grill wings over medium heat, turning occasionally, until skin is starting to brown and fat is rendering, about 12 minutes.
Move wings to medium-high zone of grill or increase heat under grill pan to medium-high.
Cook wings, moving to a cooler section of grill or reducing heat if they start to burn, until cooked through, an instant-read thermometer inserted into the flesh but not touching the bone registers 165°F, and skin is crisp and lightly charred, another 5–10 minutes.
Transfer wings to a platter.
Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately.
Do Ahead                                        Wings can be marinated 1 day ahead; keep chilled.
Pat wings very dry with paper towels.
Toss wings, oil, 1 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp.
pepper in a large bowl to coat.
Melt butter in a small pot over medium-high heat.
Remove from heat, stir in hot sauce, and set aside in a warm place.
Prepare a grill for two zones, medium and medium-high, or heat a grill pan over medium.
Working in batches if necessary, grill wings over medium heat, turning occasionally, until skin is starting to brown and fat is rendering, about 12 minutes.
Move wings to medium-high zone of grill or increase heat under grill pan to medium-high.
Cook wings, moving to a cooler section of grill or reducing heat if they start to burn, and brushing with about 1/4 cup hot sauce mixture during last minute of cooking, until cooked through, an instant-read thermometer inserted into the flesh but not touching the bone registers 165°F, and skin is crisp and lightly charred, 5–10 minutes.
Pour remaining sauce into a large bowl, add grilled wings, and toss to coat.
Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately.
For the dressing:                                        Prepare a grill for medium heat; oil grate. Grill scallions and jalapeño, turning once, until lightly blistered and crisp-tender, about 2 minutes for scallions and 4 minutes for jalapeño.
Transfer to a cutting board and let cool slightly.
Slice open jalapeño and scrape out seeds (unless you like things very spicy); discard.
Coarsely chop chile and scallions.
Mix in a medium bowl with olives, pistachios, lemon juice, vinegar, and 5 Tbsp.
oil; season dressing with salt and pepper.
Dressing can be made 1 day ahead.
Cover and chill.
Bring to room temperature before serving.
Assemble the salad:                                        Mix thyme, sesame seeds, and garlic powder in a small bowl.
Lightly coat pitas and eggplants with 2 Tbsp. oil; season with salt and rub with thyme mixture.
Grill, turning occasionally and moving to a cooler part of grill if needed to avoid scorching, until pitas are golden and crisp and eggplants are browned and tender, 5 minutes for pitas, and 8–10 minutes for eggplants.
Transfer to a platter and let cool slightly.
Meanwhile, grill Halloumi until charred and soft, about 2 minutes per side.
Transfer to platter with pitas and eggplants.
Tear pitas and Halloumi into chunky pieces, then cut eggplants into bite-size pieces.
Transfer to a large bowl and add cucumbers, tomatoes, and dressing.
Give everything a good toss to bring it all together; season with salt.
Top with mint leaves and dill sprigs.
Prepare a grill for medium-high heat (or heat a grill pan over medium-high).
If using a grill, arrange green beans in a grill basket and place on hot grill.
Cover and grill, turning once halfway through, until beans are lightly charred and crisp-tender, about 8 minutes.
If using a grill pan, cook green beans directly on pan, tossing occasionally, until lightly charred, about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, whip ricotta, 3 Tbsp.
oil, and 3/4 tsp. salt in a large bowl until smooth and fluffy, about 2 minutes.
Spread whipped ricotta on a serving platter and arrange charred green beans over.
Drizzle with oil and sprinkle with lemon zest; season with salt and pepper.
Serve with lemon wedges alongside.
Bring 3 1/2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan.
Remove from heat and add tea bags and sugar.
Let steep 4 minutes. Discard tea bags and let cool slightly (you should have about 3 1/2 cups tea).
Divide 3 cups tea between 2 ice cube trays; chill remaining 1/2 cup tea.
Divide 3 cups lemonade between remaining 2 ice cube trays; chill remaining 1/2 cup lemonade.
Freeze until solid, 3–4 hours.
Blend lemonade ice cubes, 1/2 cup vodka, and 1/2 cup lemonade in a blender until smooth.
Transfer to a spouted liquid measuring cup or pitcher.
Rinse blender jar and add tea ice cubes and remaining 1/2 cup tea and 1/2 cup vodka; blend until smooth.
Tilt a large glass to one side and fill halfway with lemonade mixture.
While slowly returning glass to upright position, pour in frozen tea mixture to fill glass and create a swirl.
Garnish with lemon wheels.
Do Ahead                                        Ice cubes can be made 3 months ahead.
Transfer to resealable plastic bags and keep frozen.
Whisk garlic, vinegar, peppers, mayonnaise, sugar, dried oregano, and 1/2 cup oil in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper.
Transfer half of dressing to a small bowl; cover and chill until ready to serve.
Cut chicken thighs lengthwise into long strips, about 1"–1 1/2" wide (you should get 2–3 pieces per thigh).
Combine chicken and remaining dressing in a large resealable plastic bag.
Seal bag, pressing out any air.
Turn to coat and chill at least 20 minutes and up to 1 day.
Prepare a grill for medium-high heat; oil grate.
Remove chicken from dressing; discard dressing.
Thread 2 pieces of chicken onto each skewer.
Season chicken lightly with salt and grill, turning occasionally, until golden brown and cooked through, 8–10 minutes.
Meanwhile, drizzle onion with oil; season with salt.
Grill until browned on both sides but still firm in center, about 3 minutes per side.
Transfer to a large bowl and add tomatoes and a couple splashes of reserved dressing.
Toss to coat; season salad with salt and pepper.
Top salad and chicken with oregano leaves.
Serve chicken with salad, reserved dressing, and lemon wedges for squeezing over.
The night before you plan to cook the steaks, pat dry with paper towels and put on a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet.
Season generously with salt and pepper and chill, uncovered, until about an hour before you want to cook your steaks.
Pull steaks from the refrigerator and let sit on your counter at room temperature.
Prepare a grill for medium-high, indirect heat (for a charcoal grill, bank coals on one side of grill; for a gas grill, leave one or two burners off).
Grill steaks over direct heat, turning, until nicely charred, about 4 minutes per side.
Move steaks over indirect heat and continue grilling, turning halfway through, until browned all over, about 4 minutes per side.
Using tongs, hold a steak perpendicular to grill and sear bone side and fat-cap side of steak to render out some of the fat, about 2 minutes per side.
Repeat with remaining steaks.
Insert an instant-read thermometer into the thickest part of steaks; if it registers 120°F for rare (steaks will carry over to 125°F, or medium-rare, as they rest), they’re done.
Continue to cook over indirect heat if needed—
another 2–4 minutes should do it.
Transfer to a cutting board; let rest 20 minutes before slicing against the grain.
Arrange sliced steaks on a platter and sprinkle with sea salt.
Whisk 1 1/2 cups pesto, 1/2 cup oil, 1 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp.
pepper in a medium bowl until smooth.
Add chicken to bowl and slide your hand between skin and meat to loosen skin.
Rub half of pesto mixture under skin, then half over outside.
Cover bowl with plastic wrap and chill at least 1 hour or up to overnight.
Prepare a grill for medium-high heat or heat a grill pan or cast-iron skillet over medium-high; oil grate or pan.
Season chicken with remaining 3/4 tsp.
salt and 1/4 tsp.
pepper.
Grill chicken, skin side down, covered, until golden brown and lightly charred, 7–9 minutes.
Turn and grill until cooked through and an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 165°F, 5–7 minutes.
Transfer chicken to a plate.
Brush peach halves with oil.
Reduce heat to medium and grill peaches, cut side down, until warmed through, 2–3 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk remaining 1/4 cup pesto and 2 Tbsp. oil in a small bowl. Arrange chicken and peaches on a platter and drizzle pesto sauce over.
Serve remaining sauce alongside.
Season steak with 1 tsp. salt and 1 tsp.
pepper.
Let sit at room temperature at least 1 hour.
Meanwhile, purée 1 pineapple round, 1/2 tsp. salt, and 2 Tbsp.
water in a blender until smooth.
Add 3 Tbsp. oil and blend until smooth; set aside.
Prepare a grill for medium-high heat or heat a grill pan over medium-high; oil grate or pan.
Grill steaks and remaining pineapple rounds, turning occasionally, until pineapple is lightly charred and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of steak registers 120°F, 8–10 minutes for medium-rare (pineapple may take longer to cook than steak).
Transfer steak to a cutting board.
Let sit at least 15 minutes, then thinly slice.
Transfer pineapple to a platter and tent with foil to keep warm.
Cut avocados in half crosswise around pit, then carefully peel off skin with your hands.
Slice each half crosswise into 1/2" rings.
Arrange sliced steak and avocado on platter with pineapple. Drizzle with pineapple dressing; season with salt and pepper.
Preheat the waffle iron on low.
Spread a thin, even layer of butter on one side of each piece of bread.
Pile the cheese and ham on the unbuttered side of one slice of bread, and put the open-face sandwich in the waffle iron as far away from the hinge as possible.
(This allows the lid to press down on the sandwich more evenly.)
Place the second slice of bread on top, with the buttered side up, and close the waffle iron.
Check the sandwich after 3 minutes.
About halfway through, you may need to rotate the sandwich 180 degrees to ensure even pressure and cooking.
If you’d like, you can press down on the lid of the waffle iron a bit to compact the sandwich, but do so carefully—the lid could be very hot.
Remove the sandwich from the waffle iron when the bread is golden brown and the cheese is melted.
Spread the Maple Butter on the outside of the sandwich.
Slice in half diagonally and serve.
Make the macaroni and cheese:                                        Preheat the oven to 375°F.
Butter a 9x5-inch loaf pan and set it aside.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat.
When the water is at a rolling boil, add the pasta.
Cook the pasta until it is slightly underdone, checking a few minutes before the cooking time on the package directions.
(If you bite into a piece, you should be able to see a very thin core of uncooked pasta.)
Drain the pasta and set aside.
Melt the 3 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan over medium-low heat.
Add the flour to the melted butter, whisking constantly.
Continue to whisk for 2 minutes.
Add the milk, 1/2 cup at a time, waiting until the mixture is thoroughly combined before adding more.
Whisk constantly over medium-low heat until the mixture thickens to the consistency of heavy cream, about 5 minutes.
Turn off the heat, add the mustard, 1 1/4 teaspoon salt, and pepper, and stir.
Add the shredded cheddar cheese a handful at a time, stirring constantly until the cheese melts.
Add the pasta to the cheese mixture, stir to coat thoroughly, and then pour the cheese-covered pasta into the prepared loaf pan.
Sprinkle the grated Parmesan cheese on top and bake until the top is brown and crispy, about 20 minutes.
Set aside to cool for an hour, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until the macaroni is well chilled and the cheese has solidified (at least 2 hours, or overnight).
Make the waffles:                                        Cut the macaroni and cheese into slices about 1/2-inch thick.
Preheat the waffle iron on medium. Preheat the oven on its lowest setting
.
In a small bowl, beat the egg with a pinch each of salt and pepper.
Set out 3 shallow bowls. Measure the flour into the first.
In the second bowl, place the beaten eggs.
Mix the bread crumbs with the cheese in the third.
Take a slice of the macaroni and cheese, and, handling it gently, coat both sides in the flour.
Then dunk both sides in the egg.
Finally, coat both sides with the bread crumbs, pressing the mixture so it sticks.
Set aside the slice and repeat with the remaining slices.
Coat both sides of the waffle iron grid with nonstick spray.
Place the macaroni and cheese slices in the waffle iron, close the lid, and cook until heated through and golden brown, 3 minutes.
The extraction process can be tricky.
With a silicone spatula, loosen the edges of the macaroni and cheese.
Use the spatula to gently pry the macaroni and cheese from the waffle iron and then support the bottom with the spatula while you lift it out with tongs.
Repeat Steps 5 through 7 until all of the macaroni and cheese has been waffled.
Keep the finished macaroni and cheese warm in the oven.
Soak the tapioca pearls according to the package instructions.
Once fully reconstituted and softened, drain.
While the tea is still hot or warm, add the sugar and stir to dissolve completely.
Let cool and then refrigerate until completely chilled, about 2 hours, before serving.
Place the tapioca pearls at the bottom of 2 cups.
Use a cocktail shaker to shake together the ice, milk, and tea and strain into each cup and serve.
Cook the shrimp boil:                                        Fill stockpot with 6 qt. water
(if using 2 pots, divide ingredients and water between them).
Add lemons, bay leaves, salt, peppercorns, and 1/2 cup seasoning, cover, and bring to a rolling boil.
Add potatoes, return to a boil, and cook 7 minutes.
Add sausage and onions, return to a boil, and cook 5 minutes.
Add corn, return to a boil, and cook until corn is cooked and potatoes are tender when pierced with a knife, about 5 minutes more.
Add shrimp and cook (no need to return to a boil), stirring gently, until shrimp turn pink, about 3 minutes.
Remove insert or drain through a very large colander.
Make the cocktail sauce:                                        Stir ketchup, horseradish, Worcestershire, lemon juice, and hot sauce, if using, in a medium bowl.
Make the lemon-butter sauce:                                        Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium-high heat.
Transfer to a medium bowl and stir in lemon juice and hot sauce, if using.
Taste and add more lemon juice, if needed.
Cover and let sit in a warm place.
Serve the shrimp boil:                                        Serve shrimp boil on a newspaper-lined table or large platters.
Dust with additional Old Bay, if using.
Serve with sauces alongside, if desired.
Do Ahead                                        Cocktail sauce can be made 1 week ahead.
Transfer to an airtight container and chill.
Prepare a grill for medium-high heat or heat a grill pan or cast-iron skillet over medium-high; oil grate or pan.
Using a 2" diameter ring cutter or thin drinking glass, cut watermelon into circles; you should have 20–22 pieces (reserve scraps for another use).
Season watermelon on both sides with 1/2 tsp.
salt.
Grill watermelon until well charred, about 2 minutes per side.
Transfer to a plate and set aside until cool to the touch, about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, toss tomatoes, 1 Tbsp.
oil, 1 tsp.
salt, and 1/2 tsp.
pepper in a large bowl.
Layer watermelon, tomato mixture, and cheese in alternating layers on a platter, draining any extra liquid from tomatoes before using.
Drizzle with oil, season with pepper, and serve.
Place 2 small plates in freezer to chill.
Cut vanilla bean in half lengthwise.
Using tip of paring knife, scrape out seeds.
Stir vanilla bean and seeds, peaches, sugar, apple, bourbon, and lemon juice together in large saucepan, cover, and let sit for 20 minutes.
Bring mixture to boil, stirring often, over medium-high heat.
Once sugar is completely dissolved, reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until peaches are softened, about 10 minutes.
Off heat, crush fruit with potato masher until mostly smooth.
Return mixture to boil over medium-high heat and cook, stirring and adjusting heat as needed, until mixture resisters 217°F–220°F, about 6 minutes.
(Temperature will be lower at higher elevations.)
Remove pot from heat and discard vanilla bean.
To test consistency, place 1 teaspoon jam on chilled plate and freeze for 2 minutes.
Drag your finger through jam on plate; jam has correct consistency when your finger leaves distinct trail.
If runny, return pot to heat and simmer for 1 to 3 minutes longer before retesting.
Skim any foam from surface of jam using spoon.
Meanwhile, place two 1-cup jars in bowl and place under hot running water until heated through, 1 to 2 minutes; shake dry.
Using funnel and ladle, portion hot jam into hot jars.
Let cool to room temperature, cover, and refrigerate until jam is set, 12 to 24 hours.
(Jam can be refrigerated for up to 2 months)
Make the fregolotta crumble:                                        Preheat oven to 350°F.
Toast almonds on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown and fragrant, 6–8 minutes.
Let cool; pulse in a food processor until mostly finely ground but there are still bits of almond.
Mix almonds, flour, sugar, cornmeal, and salt in a large bowl, then add butter and vanilla and almond extracts and work in with your fingers or the handle of a sturdy wooden spoon.
Scatter crumble, trying not to break it up too much, on a rimmed baking sheet and bake, tossing halfway through, until golden brown, 20–25 minutes.
Let cool.
Make apricots and assemble:                                        Prepare a grill for medium heat.
Brush the cut side of each apricot half with oil and grill apricots, cut side down, until lightly charred and juices start to seep out of fruit, 6–8 minutes.
Using a metal spatula, carefully turn apricots and grill a minute or so until the other side is lightly charred.
Transfer to a plate.
Using an electric mixer, beat cream in a medium bowl until medium peaks form.
Fold in almond extract, if using.
Divide warm apricots among plates.
Spoon some whipped cream on top. Drizzle with honey and scatter fregolotta crumble over.
Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 425°F.
Pulse almonds and 1/3 cup sugar in a food processor until very finely ground.
Add egg and pulse to combine.
Add butter, almond extract (if using), vanilla extract, salt, and 1 Tbsp.
flour; pulse until almond cream is smooth.
Roll out pastry on a lightly floured surface just to smooth out any creases.
If you’re using a package of pastry that has 2 sheets, stack and roll out to a 1/4"–1/8"-thick rectangle.
If your package contains a single 16x10" sheet of puff pastry, halve it crosswise and roll out one half on a lightly floured surface until rectangle is 1/4"–1/8" thick; save remaining half for another use.
Transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Fold over edges of pastry to make a 1/2" border around all sides.
Prick surface all over with a fork (this keeps the pastry from rising too much when baked and helps it cook through).
Spread almond cream over pastry, staying inside borders.
(Chill dough in the freezer for a few minutes if it becomes too soft to work with.)
Set apricots, cut sides up, on top of almond cream.
Sprinkle lightly with sugar.
Bake galette until pastry is golden brown and puffed, 15–20 minutes.
Reduce oven temperature to 325°F and continue to bake until pastry is deep golden brown and cooked through and apricots are softened and browned in spots, 15–20 minutes longer.
Do Ahead:                                        Almond cream can be made 3 days ahead.
Cover and chill.
Preheat oven to 450°F.
Toss eggplants with vegetable oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt.
Roast, tossing halfway through, until eggplants are charred in spots and tender, 20–25 minutes.
Remove from oven, sprinkle with mango powder (if using) and cumin, and toss to coat.
Meanwhile, heat a dry large skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium-high.
Add kale, arranging to fit in a single even layer (work in batches if needed), and cook, turning occasionally, until charred in spots and crisp, about 4 minutes.
Grate cucumber on the medium holes of a box grater; squeeze out excess liquid with your hands and transfer to a medium bowl.
Mix in yogurt, lemon juice, and garlic; season with salt.
Toss tomatoes with a good pinch of salt and a drizzle of olive oil in a medium bowl.
Spoon yogurt mixture onto a platter and layer eggplants, kale, and tomatoes on top.
Drizzle with more olive oil.
