These golden brown fritters, which come from Shvil's Tunisian-Jewish family, are bursting with fresh flavor, thanks to a generous helping of Swiss chard, parsley, cilantro, and dill.
They're especially delicious as part of the traditional Sephardic Rosh Hashanah seder meal.
Juicy ripe tomatoes and sweet summer corn perk up this fresh take on the old-school Southwestern casserole.
Bonus: it just happens to be gluten-free.
When I was a kid growing up in the Midwest, my friends  and I would always pick up big packages of bratwurst to grill while watching sporting  events. I wanted to re-create the sausage of my youth, and I think these bratwurst come pretty close.
This is a simple, classic sausage; serve it on a crunchy roll with mustard and sauerkraut.
We call this one a picnic dinner since everything can be eaten with your hands.
It's easy to pack up and take to the park if you want, but it also works great on the family table.
Serve all the topping options for this flatbread dinner in separate bowls so each family member can build their dinner plate just like they like it—in separate piles, or as a multi-layered flatbread.
This one-pan dinner has a nice buttery sauce, so serve it with some crusty bread for mopping.
A combination of pistachios and chickpeas adds filling protein and rich flavor in this update on the classic summery tomato tart.
One tart with a pretty side salad makes a simple dinner for two, but it's easy to double the recipe and make two tarts for a larger group.
Though cupcakes haven’t traditionally been a Thanksgiving dessert in this country, I like to think Sprinkles has had a hand in changing that.
Every November, Sprinkles offers its extraordinarily popular EAT box, which includes a variety of cupcakes—including these orange cranberry delights.
The sweet, fresh flavor of orange, studded with tart cranberries (fresh and frozen work equally well), makes for a vibrant dessert as worthy of Thanksgiving as any pie.
If you’re baking more than one tray of cookies at a time, swap their shelf positions in the oven halfway through cooking time to ensure even coloring.
This recipe is part of our Back-to-School Meal Plan featuring five easy weeknight dinners made from one grocery bag of ingredients.
These easy, build-your-own fish packets let kids help out with dinner and choose which items they want to include.
The herb butter infuses the fish and vegetables with rich flavor and the tomatoes release their juices to create a light sauce.
If you are following our Back-to-School Meal Plan, make a double batch of the butter and reserve half for the BBQ Pork Chops with Herb Butter Corn and Sweet Potatoes.
This recipe is part of our Back-to-School Meal Plan featuring five easy weeknight dinners made from one grocery bag of ingredients.
You don’t have to fire up the grill to enjoy a taste of barbecue.
This pork chop dinner makes use of the broiler to get those summertime flavors on the table anytime you want them.
Punch up store-bought barbecue sauce with honey mustard, brighten roasted corn with a slather of herby butter, and jazz up sweet potato fries with a sprinkling of grated Parmesan.
This recipe is part of our Back-to-School Meal Plan featuring five easy weeknight dinners made from one grocery bag of ingredients.
These delicious quesadillas are packed with flavor thanks to lightly spiced chicken, mushrooms, spinach, and Monterey Jack cheese.
A tangy mix of cilantro, yogurt, and lime juice makes the perfect dipping sauce, and pretty carrot and mango ribbons combine for a refreshing slaw.
If you are following our Back-to-School Meal Plan, make a double batch of the chicken and reserve half for the Rice Noodles with Peanut Sauce, Chicken, and Snap Peas.
Make a triple batch of the cilantro-yogurt sauce and reserve two-thirds for the Stuffed Sweet Potatoes with Curry Chickpeas.
This recipe is part of our Back-to-School Meal Plan featuring five easy weeknight dinners made from one grocery bag of ingredients.
This simple noodle bowl comes together quickly, thanks to a delicious and easy make-ahead peanut sauce.
The combination of roast chicken, carrots, snap peas, and cucumbers offers a refreshing yet satisfying dinner, but feel free to use whatever vegetables you’d like.
Roast the chicken ahead of time to get dinner on the table even faster.
This recipe is part of our Back-to-School Meal Plan featuring five easy weeknight dinners made from one grocery bag of ingredients.
This easy, Indian-inspired vegetarian dinner stars baked sweet potatoes loaded with curry-spiced chickpeas, mushrooms, and spinach.
Roast the sweet potatoes ahead of time to get dinner on the table even faster.
This healthy turkey meatball and noodle dish has an irresistible Thai-inspired twist and offers three options for plating.
Option One serves the flavorful meatballs, vegetables, and noodles "plain" (without broth)—perfect for kids or less adventurous eaters.
Option Two transforms the dish into a savory noodle bowl with a rich and aromatic coconut broth, which appeals to a wide range of palates.
And for those who like it hot, opt for Option Three; whisk in store-bought Thai red curry paste and finish the dish with a ton of fresh toppings.
Feel free to customize to everyone's taste by mixing and matching Options One-Three within your family.
When corn and tomatoes are ripe, let them shine in simple preparations like this refreshing, time-saving dinner, in which the salmon is poached in the same thyme- and garlic-infused water that the corn is boiled in.
A little meat-mallet action transforms this tough cut of beef into a quick-grilling all-star.
We cribbed the pounding technique from Chris Fischer's amazing The Beetlebung Farm Cookbook.
The best part?
The Caesar-ish Dressing, which is egg- and-dairy-free, but still creamy and flavorful enough to make you think you’re eating a salad with a Caesar dressing.
This recipe harnesses the goodness of schmaltz while adding great flavor to the vegetables.
Plus, it cooks quite quickly compared
to roasting a whole chicken.
I love burgers that ooze cheese when you bite into them, but turkey burgers typically fall apart when you make them with a chunk of cheese in the center.
Instead of working against the ingredients, I work with them.
Keep the accompaniments simple by serving with a platter of sliced baked tofu, cucumbers, tomatoes, and baby carrots.
Salting the steaks helps to tenderize the beef and adds to its flavor.
Turning the steaks ensures they cook evenly and caramelize on the outside.
Free of refined sugar, these muffins are sweetened naturally with dates, and get a protein boost from both chia seeds and almond flour.
This is the quintessential fall cupcake.
Prepare the apple cider just as if you were going to drink it, boiled with plenty of whole cinnamon, cloves, and allspice.
Top with Vegan Fluffy Buttercream Frosting and a healthy dose of Brown Rice Caramel Glaze, and you've got yourself autumn in a yummy little package.
The secret ingredient is agar—it gives the cupcakes a bright sheen and holds things together nicely.
Larry the Turkey does double duty at Thanksgiving, letting Larry know where to sit at the beginning of the meal and providing a dessert for him at the end.
A delicious combination of pumpkin cupcakes, caramel frosting, and ginger cookies, this turkey will be gobbled up in no time.
Of course, the best part is naming each turkey and hearing the kids scream, “
Hey, look, everybody, Uncle Larry’s a turkey!”
One trip to the cupcake pumpkin patch, and this project will become a favorite fall tradition.
It's a terrific dessert centerpiece for any gathering from Halloween to Thanksgiving.
The pumpkin patch boasts both standard and mini cupcakes, and each one is a little different—just like a real pumpkin patch—
so you can pick and choose your favorite.
Turn these fall-spiced cupcakes into a Pumpkin Patch–
themed holiday centerpiece for Halloween or Thanksgiving.
My daughter and I love mac and cheese.
It’s a great side dish with dinner and a great lunch served with a crisp salad!
We eat this salad—which is a great way to stretch a piece of beef—all year long for lunch and dinner, but it's particularly good during the warmer months.
The thinly sliced meat, the crunch of the cucumbers and red onions, and the heady aroma of mint and cilantro tossed with the chile-spiked salty-sweet dressing seem made for hot days and nights.
This baked dish is the result of playing around in the kitchen one day and merging two beloved cheesy dishes: chiles rellenos and pasta al forno.
It's creamy with some heat and tang, but nothing overwhelming.
Still, if you prefer a more standard penne, omit the chiles.
For a smoky note, consider using fire-roasted canned tomatoes in place of the regular ones.
You can also play with the cheeses.
There's something about the pairing of chicken and rice that is so appealing and comforting, and these paella-like dishes are definitely perennial crowd-pleasers.
Dirty rice is a Cajun and Creole staple so named because of the way the rice looks after it is cooked with pieces of chicken liver.
Now, if you don’t like liver or think you don’t like liver, please don't let that stop you from trying this version.
Even though it plays an important supporting role, once the liver is mixed in, you really can't distinguish it; it’s like the anchovies in a Caesar dressing.
That said, if you still don’t want to use it, simply double the amount of sausage.
There's no need to buy pumpkin pie spice mix if you've already got all the spices for it in your cupboard—just mix it up yourself and use it in any recipe that calls for it.
Toss it with apples for a delicious pie filling, stir it into whipped cream or frosting for a festive fall dessert topping, or sprinkle it over sliced fruit or buttered toast for a dressed-up snack.
You could even add it to your coffee for an at-home PSL experience.
One of the reasons I like to cook mostly healthy food is so I can justify the occasional dish like this one.
Plus, any one-skillet meal where the pasta cooks right in the sauce is a gift with purchase, in my book.
Eat standing up, ideally over the sink.
With each bite you get that ideal combo of ingredients—sweet tomato, rich egg, crisp iceberg lettuce.
This zippy, herbaceous drinkable soup is like a trip to the farmers’ market in a glass.
Serve this salad as soon as it is assembled so all of the tomato juices and flavor stay where they belong.
Mandolines were made for recipes like this; even slices will make this simple salad look like the work of a pro.
A couple tablespoons of yogurt miraculously transform a basic vinaigrette recipe into a new creamy dressing.
Consider this recipe a no-brainer formula where you can sub in any raw veg, oil, or cheese you feel like.
Serve this dip with chips, as part of a meze platter, or slather it on grilled chicken thighs or lamb chops.
Real talk: This is a dish to make when the tomatoes are peaking—at the farmers’ market, you should be able to smell them before you see them.
You can use any kind of nuts for this recipe—almonds, hazelnuts, pecans, and Brazil nuts are all delicious.
If you want chunky nut butter, remove a generous scoop of the chopped nuts from the food processor before they turn into a powder, then fold the chopped nuts back into the nut butter before storing.
Tent with foil if it browns too fast.
Delicate rose water (a common ingredient in Middle Eastern sweets) and tart lemonade are a refreshing combination in this pretty pink drink.
Ice cubes studded with flowers and berries add a stunning finishing touch to this big-batch cocktail fit for any celebration.
Our take on this classic Chinese-American dish is lighter and tastier than the version from most take-out joints—without the corn syrup or red food coloring.
Plus, it's ready in 22 minutes or less, so put down the phone and pick up a skillet for a fast, fresh meal.
Before heading into work in Tokyo, I often stopped at a little stand where an elderly woman sold nothing but rice balls.
Onigiri is a quintessential Japanese food: made by moms for breakfast, lunch boxes, and picnics.
It is the ideal handheld food (the nori wrapper keeps the sticky rice from getting all over your hand).
These campfire-inspired treats combine rich chocolate, graham crackers, and marshmallows in a whole new way.
Torch them just before serving to mimic toasted marshmallows.
Yes, you read that correctly! You will have this comforting cookie in just 2 minutes.
Like any cookie, it will harden as it cools, however, if you want a warm, soft-centre cookie eat it immediately.
Or feel free to wait 5 minutes until the edges crisp a little.
I think it’s incredible served with a scoop of non-dairy vanilla ice cream.
We usually rail against kitchen tools that do only one thing and take up precious drawer space, but cherry pitters earn their keep as far as we are concerned.
Keeping the garlic whole and removing once it has added enough flavor will keep the flavor more mild, but if you want more of a punch, grate it before adding and leave it in.
Pickling berries is a great way to make the most of seasonal produce.
Try them over ice cream and salad.
Here’s your opportunity to use up berries that are slightly past their prime.
This recipe method concentrates the berries’ flavors, so the more delicious they are to begin with, the better they will be dried.
At Craftsman and Wolves in San Francisco, CA, William Werner combines them with raw berries in tarts or adds them to arugula salads.
They're chewy—a bit softer than a dried apricot—with a plump, juicy consistency.
Learning how to properly caramelize onions is key.
Once you've mastered the basic technique, you’ll use them for everything from French onion soup to onion dip to topping burgers.
Don’t believe the hype that every vinaigrette recipe should have one part acid to three parts oil.
This more assertive ratio brings a lot more flavor to the table.
Steaming the apricots over the rice while it rests softens them just enough.
Kitchen economy: Use any leftover cooked vegetables, grains, or beans in your fridge for this frittata, then add any leftover frittata to a sandwich the next day.
A hard sear on the first side of the chicken ensures that it will get nicely browned without getting dry.
Set a large colander in the sink before you add the shrimp so you can drain the boil as soon as it comes off the heat.
Cooking fish doesn't need to be intimidating.
In fact, few things could be simpler—or more rewarding.
For meaty steaks of swordfish, albacore, and halibut, all you need is a kiss of high heat from a grill or cast-iron pan and a simple vinaigrette.
Zesting citrus directly onto your food means no wasted precious aromatic oils and zero chance of the zest drying out before you use it.
Cutting those slits in the fish is key.
They help the fish cook more quickly and make it easier to tell when it's done.
For fall gatherings—everything from back-to-school to Thanksgiving—this colorful wreath makes an elegant centerpiece.
The leaves are created by painting melted candy wafers on maple leaves, letting it harden, then peeling off the leaf to reveal a stunning edible replica.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Poaching peaches in ginger beer infuses them with sweet, spicy flavor.
Layer the poached fruit with ice cream and top with more ginger beer for a fun new take on a classic float.
Cornmeal is a naturally gluten-free way to get deliciously crispy pan-fried chicken cutlets.
For a super summery dinner, serve them with a shaved zucchini salad studded with mint, cashews, and ricotta salata.
The simplest, easiest, kid-approved peanut sauce for dipping or drizzling.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Your favorite granola becomes the easiest crisp topping ever in this warming dessert that celebrates the sweet stone fruit.
Want to make it even better?
Serve with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream alongside.
As an American-born Asian kid, I grew up eating items that were created in the States but are authentic in flavors.
The Chinese have been here since the 1800s and if dishes were created by Asians in America I think they are totally authentic.
Dishes like orange chicken, California roll, spicy tuna and crab rangoon have now made their way back to the Asian countries from which their native creators originated.
This condiment, called nam pla prik (nam pla is fish sauce, prik is chile), is found on virtually every home and restaurant table in Thailand.
It’s considered a flavor enhancer, similar to our salt and pepper, and is fantastic on Thai Beef Salad, spooned onto plain or fried rice and grilled meats or fish, or as a dipping sauce for raw vegetables, spring rolls, and summer rolls.
The sauce is traditionally made with bird's eye chiles, but as they're not readily available in the States, we usually substitute jalapeño and/or crushed red pepper flakes.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Pan-searing dates turns them into an irresistible, warm treat with a crisp, caramelized exterior and a soft, sweet interior.
Paired with cold vanilla ice cream and topped with olive oil, mint, and flaky sea salt, the fruit becomes a sophisticated dessert with a fun mix of sweet and savory.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
These refreshing pops blend two kinds of coconut for an extra rich, creamy flavor, and lime zest lends a lovely floral note.
Ripe summer corn is so delicious, so fresh, and so full of flavor, you can enjoy it raw.
Filled with black beans, avocado, and raw corn marinated in bright lime juice along with jalapeño, cilantro, and toasted nuts and seeds, these hearty tacos make an easy to cook, easy to eat weeknight dinner.
This simple, healthy dish is a showstopper—it's a big colorful stack of summer flavors.
The savory quality of the herbed sweet-sour plums, plus this incredibly creamy tahini and lemon dressing, is unthinkably tasty.
This garden wrap is stuffed to the brim with fresh, seasonal vegetables and herbs.
This recipe—made with potato, butter, garlic, eggs, and flour—is even greater than the sum of its parts.
You'll love the crunch of the polenta, the richness of the Parmesan, and the touch of spice from the ground red peppers.
Make it as a whole loaf or turn it into rolls; any way you bake it, it’s a winner, and you can use this method to create all sorts of variations.
Elderflower has a delicate, floral flavor that works really well in this simple lemon tart.
You need to be very careful when handling the pastry base, because any cracks will mean the filling will leak out in the oven.
If you notice any gaps appearing after blind baking the tart, use leftover pastry dough to patch up the base.
I use my favorite no-churn ice-cream recipe in these ice-cream sandwiches which makes them really quick and easy.
You could use your own favorite ice-cream; just defrost it slightly so you can spread it between the brownie layers easily.
This is my ultimate cheesecake: sweet cream cheese, salty peanut butter and tart sour cherries all mingle together to create one perfectly balanced flavor sensation.
It is set with gelatin, which means it takes a little longer to make, but the beautiful smooth texture makes it worth the wait.
Put the lime in the pineapple with this fun summer cocktail!
Scoop the fruit from the skin to create pineapple "cups," freeze it, and blend it into a bright and refreshing play on a mojito.
Or, if you're short on time, you can use frozen pineapple chunks and regular cocktail glasses.
The pairing of barbecue and Big Red Soda is super-popular throughout the South, so why not combine the two in one killer dish?
The sweet, cult-favorite cream soda, originally from Texas, is often compared to cinnamon bubble gum, but also has notes of lemon, orange, and vanilla.
Here, it's combined with barbecue sauce as a cooking liquid for slow-cooked, spice-rubbed pork shoulder, with results that are sweet, spicy, and as uniquely flavored as Big Red itself.
These fried and sauced chicken breast strips have all the spicy flavor of Buffalo wings—without the hassle of bones.
Serve them with a tangy blue cheese dip and celery sticks and you'll never choose bone-in wings again!
While growing up in upstate New York, it was a tradition to go apple-picking every fall.
Our local apple orchard, Beak and Skiff, sold amazing apple fritters, among other treats, such as cider donuts, caramel apples, and apple pie.
These cupcakes remind me of the crisp October air and colored leaves crunching underneath my feet.
Nothing says waiting for the holiday season to end like these moist, fluffy gingerbread cupcakes.
Bring them to your next familial bash and eat them as you grit your teeth and marvel at your family.
A marinade of lime and tequila takes this Mexican-inspired salad to the next level.
A very thick glaze with a bold, caramel-like flavor, this is an interesting way to use brown rice syrup in desserts.
The intense flavor goes perfectly with spice or any strongly flavored cupcake.
The texture of this glaze is very sticky at first but it well set up after an hour, or pop finished cupcakes in the fridge to speed it up.
This is our all-purpose “go to” frosting.
It’s great for piping into lush, swirling mountains of frostiness and just as good for spreading onto a cupcake like rolling hills of heaven.
It make a lot, probably 4 cups’ worth, so you can halve the recipe if you are going to be spreading the frosting rather than piping it.
These crowd-pleasers are loaded with potassium and antioxidants.
Double the recipe for playdates and parties.
Use one flavor (like pistachio) for this ice cream cookie sandwiches recipe, or mix it up: Each pint will yield enough ice cream for three sandwiches.
Making these sweet-tart wonders might be easier than remembering to buy ice cream.
Steeping saffron in hot water releases its color and aroma.
If you want a pretty finisher without the expense of saffron, use extra sesame seeds.
To avoid the dreaded soggy pastry bottom, blind baking is a great technique to master.
Baking the pastry case before any filling has been added allows it to crisp up, stopping any wet fillings seeping through.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Grilling the oranges infuses this refreshing drink with slightly sweet, slightly bitter notes and smoky flavor, balanced by bright lime juice and aged tequila.
Since these cookies are meant to be eaten frozen in this ice cream cookie sandwiches recipe, we made them extra salty so the flavor stands out.
Carrots love to burn when grilled over direct high heat; better to park them over a cooler spot on the grate and keep the cover closed if possible.
If you can’t find ají amarillo chiles for this grilled squid recipe, substitute with the paste, which is more widely available.
Add 2 tsp. paste to dressing before adding the oil.
Fox Bros. Bar-B-Q in Atlanta, GA, sells its own barbecue sauce, which you can order online, but any store-bought sauce will work for this smoked chicken wings recipe too.
Butterflying the chicken transforms a hard-to-grill round bird into a compact, flat package that is easier to crisp and cook through.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Grilling the onions and half of the tomatoes adds smoky depth and sweetness to this riff on pico de gallo.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Store-bought tomatillo salsa provides a shortcut to spicy and flavorful guacamole, while fresh lime juice brightens up the dip in a flash.
Our ultimate muffins are chock-full of blueberries and have just the right amount of sweetness, plus a gentle tang and tender crumb thanks to sour cream.
A dusting of coarse sugar gives them a shimmery top with an addictive crunch.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Make this street-food favorite at home using just flavor-packed chipotle mayonnaise and crumbly Cotija cheese.
The first time I had this pizza was the first time I let my dough sit overnight in the fridge.
I woke up excited and didn’t want to wait until normal pizza-eating time to make it.
I remember how well the flavors in the crust had improved since the previous night’s pizza.
This is a cream-based pie, but tomato sauce works well here, too.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Spicy chipotle and zesty lime perk up quick and easy grilled steak.
Serve with tortillas and all the fixings for a zero-fuss taco night.
Rule for straightforward summer grilling: Pair rich, smoky charred meats with crisp, acidic vegetables.
This helps refresh the palate between bites.
This savory, larb-esque pork mixture makes for the ultimate all-purpose grain bowl topper.
Don’t be afraid to let the food processor run the full 2 minutes.
It’s one of the keys to super-smooth, aerated hummus.
For this avocado cups recipe, chopping pomegranate seeds breaks them up and releases their vivid color into the dressing.
Rose water is the little something that makes this cocktail recipe special.
Nduja is traditionally made with pork, but because salmon is a fatty fish, it works well too.
This is the time to celebrate peaches.
Look for standout varieties such as July Flame, Suncrest, or O’Henry for this salad recipe.
Walnuts can get bitter if toasted too long, so remove them from the oven as soon as they turn golden brown.
The homemade Sichuan chili paste and chili oil yield more than you need for this cold ramen recipe, but they will keep for weeks and make for great all-purpose condiments.
Or you can just make this dish over and over.
Even the most skeptical celery eaters will be surprised by the cool, sweet, crunchy, and savory flavors that are packed into this side dish recipe.
If rib eye is a little fancy for your weeknight, try hanger or skirt steaks.
For this lamb burgers recipe, you'll want to splurge on good sturdy bakery buns that can absorb the extra liquid from the slaw and burger without disintegrating.
Watching frozen bananas blend into ice cream seems like magic—no sugar or dairy required.
For extra flavor, stir in (cooled) toasted chopped walnuts and dark chocolate chunks for a easy spin on Chunky Monkey ice cream.
Smoky bacon, crunchy shredded lettuce, and an addictively zesty dressing—
what’s not to like?
Campechana is the perfect marriage of shrimp cocktail and salsa, with extra layers of flavor thanks to sweet lump crabmeat, smoky New Mexican chiles, briny olives, and creamy avocado.
This version was adapted from the ever-popular appetizer served at Goode Company Seafood in Houston, TX.
Is it still pasta salad if it's not swimming in mayo?
Why, yes it is.
It's no exaggeration to say that Josh Ozersky is something of an expert on burgers.
He literally wrote the book on the subject—
The Hamburger:
A History.
His favorite burger, which is really saying something, comes from Jose Soto, who was the grill cook at the now defunct White Diamond, a slider joint in Linden, New Jersey.
Ozersky managed to coax the recipe, which owes as much to the technique as the ingredients, out of Soto, and made it his own.
Then he shared it with us.
Josh says the recipe is “simple, but it isn’t easy, because it has to be done quickly, so it may need some practice.” The sliders are cooked individually, and Josh warns that each one gets a little harder to cook because the pan becomes messier.
You should find, however, that the results are well worth any difficulty.
Feel free to vary the vegetables in this salad according to what you have in your garden or find at the farmers' market.
This Hawaiian poke-style tuna rice bowl is packed with delicious, umami-rich protein.
The most refreshing treat of summer is just a few ingredients away.
Swap out the traditional green papaya for a summery mix of charred green and yellow wax beans in this refreshing take on Thai salad.
The zesty grilled tofu and creamy avocado add filling protein and healthy fats, rounding out the meal for a delicious weeknight vegetarian dinner.
This is one heck of a cake on so many levels.
For starters, nobody is ever going to guess there's zucchini in here, because it virtually disappears in the baking—
there's not even a hint of vegetable flavor or nubbiness that you might expect from grated zucchini.
What you will notice is what a moist cake this is, maybe the moistest chocolate cake you've ever had.
If you love Dole Whip (a Disney Park fan's favorite frozen treat), you'll love this super-refreshing, dairy-free dessert with the texture of soft serve.
Top a baked pizza crust with garlicky spinach pesto and raw sliced heirloom tomatoes for a wonderfully fresh summer dinner.
These little cakes remind me of a more sophisticated, stripped-back cupcake.
Full of flavor with a dense but chewy crumb, it's like frangipane meets fairy cake. Beautifully simple to make, the biggest pitfall is not greasing your tins properly.
If you don't have non-stick muffin tins or friand tins, make sure you butter them to death or you'll have eight fabulous cakes that you can’t get out of the tins.
I love the smoky flavor and crisp outer shell of a slightly singed marshmallow that’s been toasted over a bonfire. I’ve balanced the sweetness of the sticky topping by filling the cupcakes with a bitter chocolate ganache.
Pomegranate seeds look stunning sprinkled simply over the top of this pavlova.
Their vibrant color really lifts the dessert, and the way they burst in your mouth complements the chewy meringue beautifully.
I use sliced canned peaches when peaches are out of season; they work just as well.
Cabbage is perfect for fermenting because the cell walls are easily broken down with salt, and the juices that are released quite easily make the brine.
While you are chopping and grating your cabbage, eat a piece raw.
It will be crunchy and sweet.
After fermentation it will be pretty crunchy still, shiny and alive-looking; the sugars will have been eaten by the lactobacillus bacteria (et al); and the sauer that you taste is the lactic acid cleverly produced by the lactobacillus.
I’m salivating just writing this.
No, you don’t have to tear the zucchini with your hands, but it makes for a cool presentation—and we all know it’s way more fun than using a knife.
This dressing is creamy, savory, and perfectly balanced.
Put it on udon noodles—or just drink it.
This dressing is delicious on a colorful cold noodle salad with shrimp.
Making a ground beef taco filling ain’t rocket science.
You just cook ground meat with Tex-Mex seasonings.
This recipe is a little spicy, but feel free to skip the serranos and substitute a packaged taco seasoning mixture for the spices, especially if you’re cooking for kids.
Many taco seasoning mixes, such as Old El Paso and Ortega, come in your choice of spicy or mild.
This summery, Greek-inspired dinner comes together in a snap with the help of a grill basket.
This recipe can easily be doubled to serve four, either by cooking in two batches or using two grill baskets.
Everything for this simple, Spanish-inspired dish gets tossed in the same lemon, garlic, and smoked paprika marinade, then cooked in a grill basket for an easier, faster way to grill dinner.
This recipe can easily be doubled to serve four, either by cooking in two batches or using two grill baskets.
Looking for an easy way to serve eggs to a crowd?
Use a blender to quickly whisk the eggs together, then bake on a sheet pan until the texture is custardy—more like a frittata than scrambled eggs.
Slice and serve in breakfast sandwiches, stuff inside grilled cheese, add more protein to quesadillas and wraps, or serve with bacon or sausage on the side or over toast with sliced avocado.
Cool romaine lettuce and barbecue-flavored chickpeas combine to create great flavor and texture in this hearty pita sandwich.
This pairs well with many simple companions—potatoes or sweet potatoes, fresh corn, a simple quinoa salad or pilaf, or a light soup.
And steamed green veggies are always welcome, too.
Though I’m all for high-quality prepared sauces and such to use as shortcuts, I’ve never found a bottled vegan barbecue sauce I really like.
But this nearly instant sauce is so easy that I’ve ended the search.
It’s especially good with tofu, tempeh, and seitan.
I’ve already admitted that I’m usually too lazy to make pizza dough from scratch, what with good, natural brands of prepared crust so widely available.
Once in a blue moon, though, I like to indulge; it’s really not that difficult.
This is a recipe I’ve relied on for years when those blue moons come along.
If you want boozier pops, increase the gin to 1/3 cup.
They will still freeze but not quite as hard, and they will get slushy quickly once unmolded.
There’s no need to roll these super-thin.
In fact, a little heft keeps them moist.
Japanese sweet potatoes are starchier than yams and worth seeking out. Steaming before grilling keeps them moist.
Don’t fuss with the salmon too much once it’s on the grill: Let the flesh naturally release from the grate before attempting to turn it.
You can also use the tare marinade for any cut of salmon.
To make these cakes, I use the reverse creaming method, as opposed to the more common creaming method.
Instead of beating air into the sugar and butter, adding the eggs then stirring in the dry ingredients, the reverse creaming method requires the butter to be rubbed into the dry ingredients, followed by milk and eggs.
As well as being simpler, with fewer stages, I think this method produces a better textured, more even sponge.
When you rub the butter into the flour and sugar, the flour particles get coated in fat, which minimizes gluten formation in the cake.
Gluten is the essential component in bread, but in cakes too much can produce a tough and chewy sponge.
The ingredients for a meringue are very simple; you need double the weight of sugar to egg whites.
It is easy to make any quantity of meringue if you follow this 2:1 ratio.
This taco salad is very different from the taco salads that my mom used to order at Mexican restaurants. They were the lightest option on the menu, but I always found myself wondering, how do those giant fried tortillas hold up to all the cheese and sour cream?
Here’s my fresher, vegetarian version of those taco salads, which serves as a balanced, full meal in a bowl.
Crisp romaine and peppery arugula tossed in a creamy, intentionally zippy avocado-lime dressing form the base.
Chili-flavored quinoa and black beans make it plenty hearty, while tomatoes, radishes, and avocado lend some color and pops of flavor.
The ode to my mom's taco salads wouldn’t be complete without some crispy tortilla strips on top.
Make this salad ahead of time to allow the flavors to become bolder.
This is delicious in a bowl as a refreshing summer meal.
Or serve this on top of a plate of assorted greens or bowl of cooked grains, rolled up in a tortilla, or as a topping for baked potatoes.
Salade Niçoise is a beautifully composed salad of French origin that looks fancy but is incredibly easy to make.
The traditional version is often made with tuna, but here the fish is replaced with baked tofu, which makes a great stand-in.
And the array of ingredients—white beans or chickpeas, slender green beans, tomatoes, and olives—makes it a splendid main dish salad for a summer meal, either on busy weeknights or festive occasions.
Packaged baked tofu is tasty and not all that expensive, but homemade baked tofu is even better.
The trick to this chewy, savory transformation of bland white tofu is to make sure it’s well pressed and to let it marinate for plenty of time.
These baked tofu slices are so flavorful that you can serve them as a side dish, add them to the dinner plate for extra protein, or use them to make sandwiches on toast or rolls along with vegan mayonnaise and/or mustard and sprouts or dark green lettuce.
They also make a fantastic addition to wraps.
Large jagged sheets of chicharrón, or pork crackling, can be found at any Mexico City market.
It's most often eaten as a snack—as a crunchy vehicle for guacamole and salsas—or in a guisado, when it's drenched in salsa and cooked until soggy, then spooned into a tortilla.
Most vendors sell two varieties: light and puffy with no fat or meat clinging to the skin, and a meaty, fatty version.
Only in the outskirts of the city have I seen homemade chicharrón and it turns out it's not too difficult to make.
Homemade chicharrón is wonderful with pico de gallo, any salsa, guacamole, or cooked in green sauce and served in a taco when soft.
I've kept the pieces large on purpose here, as it's customary in Mexico to break off a piece with your hands, then dip it in a salsa or guacamole.
When you have a chocolate glaze recipe that’s as versatile and simple as this one is, it’s easy to rely on it time and again.
It’s so quick to prepare that you can wait until the last minute to mix it up.
Or you can make it ahead and reheat it to a pourable consistency when you need it.
This makes a hefty amount, so if you don’t use all of it, just store the leftovers in a sealed container and refrigerate until needed.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
A quick toss in sweet, not-too-spicy Korean red pepper sauce makes these wings irresistible, while sliced scallion adds a fresh finish.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Combine garlic and your favorite hardy herbs like rosemary, thyme, or oregano, for a marinade that's quick, easy, and oh-so-delicious on these grilled wings.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Fragrant, complex curry powder and creamy, tangy yogurt create a tenderizing marinade for these easy grilled wings.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
A simple Buffalo-style hot sauce delivers a big punch of flavor to these addictive grilled wings.
Brush a little sauce on the wings at the end of grilling for caramelized flavor, then toss them in more sauce before serving for full spicy saturation.
We love Halloumi’s squeaky texture, but some torn salted mozzarella would be just as good (just don’t try grilling it).
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Crisp-tender grilled green beans on a bed of creamy whipped ricotta is the ultimate summer side, super-simple but elegant enough for company.
Add some grilled bread for a fun family-style appetizer.
The classic iced tea and lemonade combo (aka the Arnold Palmer) is transformed into a boozy frozen cocktail perfect for backyard parties and barbecues. Freezing the drink components into ice cubes before blending is an easy way to keep the flavors concentrated.
Central New York State is known for sandwiches stuffed with juicy skewered meat marinated in Italian dressing; these are tasty enough to serve straight up, but we wouldn’t stop you from putting them on soft Italian bread, either.
Let it rain with the kosher salt—for the best flavor, you want to season these simple steaks really well before they get grilled.
Great with Garlicky Harissa or Charred Tomatillo Chermoula.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Find a great prepared pesto and you can have dinner in no time!
In this easy grilled dinner, the pesto works as both a simple marinade for the chicken and a finishing sauce.
Grilling the peaches caramelizes their natural sugars and adds a smoky flavor to the stone fruit, turning them into a delicious side.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
A fresh, bright pineapple dressing ties together this irresistible platter of grilled pineapple rings, strip steak, and creamy avocado.
When I first dreamed up this sandwich, I wanted the maple butter to go on the bread before it went into the waffle iron, but that turned out to be a recipe for disaster: The sugars in the maple syrup burned quickly, much more quickly than the cheese melted.
There would have to be another way.
And there is!
After a few modifications, I hit on the right balance of pre- and post-buttering.
There’s still room for pre-buttering, just hold the maple syrup on that step. Buttering the bread
before you waffle it ensures a crispy, golden brown exterior.
Adding the maple butter right as the sandwich comes out of the waffle iron means the sweet, rich mixture soaks into the still-warm bread.
Leftover mac and cheese is not exactly one of life’s biggest problems, but if it happens to you, here’s what to do.
Iced tea with tapioca pearls that are sucked from a large straw are perhaps Taiwan’s most famous culinary export.
These bouncy, chewy balls are fun to munch on, much like chewing gum.
The teas may be milky or not, sweetened or not, and flavored with any number of additional powders or infusions, like mango.
My favorite style is this classic black tea with milk, and sweetened.
You'll need your favorite seafood seasoning and your biggest pot for this boil (also called Frogmore Stew, One-Pot, or Farmer's Seafood Boil) brimming with plump shrimp, sweet corn, smoky sausage, and tender potatoes.
Call all your friends and spread out some newspaper for a fun, roll-up-your-sleeves meal that will feed a crowd.
In Epi's 3-Ingredient Recipes series, we show you how to make great food with just three ingredients (plus staples like oil, salt, and pepper).
Grilling the watermelon adds a savory depth to the fruit, giving this refreshing summer salad much more flavor than you’d imagine from this simple combination.
This simple jam is full of fresh peach flavor with hints of vanilla and bourbon.
For this dessert recipe, the dough for fregolotta, an Italian cookie, is broken up into small pieces, then baked.
And you may end up with some extra.
Save it in an airtight container at room temperature for up to three days.
It’s great over ice cream and Nutella.
A luxurious almond cream makes this one-hour summer stone fruit dessert taste like an all-day labor of love.
Roasting the eggplants at a high heat will make the flesh very tender while making the skin a little crispy.
This recipe is from Gunpowder, an Indian restaurant in London.
